Sample 0:
Reference: copies the leading comment from the given statement .
Candidate: copy the <UNK> comment and returns the new comment .

Sample 1:
Reference: create a querybuilder for creating a describe query
Candidate: gets a description of the query that match the specified raw .

Sample 2:
Reference: returns a query response builder for an existing request .
Candidate: instantiates a query response builder for an existing response .

Sample 3:
Reference: generates an invokedynamic instruction .
Candidate: generates an invokedynamic instruction .

Sample 4:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5:
Reference: this method converts device specific pixels to density independent pixels .
Candidate: this method converts device specific pixels to density independent pixels .

Sample 6:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7:
Reference: invoked when the user double clicked on a node .
Candidate: called whenever the user is double clicked on the node .

Sample 8:
Reference: sets which new line character to use .
Candidate: abbreviation a place for line content in the specified line .

Sample 9:
Reference: set the gravity for the drawer .
Candidate: set the loader for an item .

Sample 10:
Reference: create a new configuration .
Candidate: create a new configuration .

Sample 11:
Reference: closes the enhancedbookmark activity on phone .
Candidate: closes the activity on phone .

Sample 12:
Reference: this method allows to run the validation process .
Candidate: execute the command and its its .

Sample 13:
Reference: returns a non null string if replicas within the same shard do not have a consistent number of documents .
Candidate: returns a non null string if replicas within the same shard do not have a consistent number of documents .

Sample 14:
Reference: check the given word for derived adjectives like magical or nomadic .
Candidate: check if the not is a syntactically configured to . e . g .

Sample 15:
Reference: update buffer with given string using the given encoding .
Candidate: update buffer with given string using the given encoding .

Sample 16:
Reference: sets this attribute s fields according to attributevalue array .
Candidate: decodes the use candidate attribute s body which is empty

Sample 17:
Reference: adds new child to the list of otherarchive children .
Candidate: adds new child to the list of assets classes .

Sample 18:
Reference: returns true if this dataset is stacked stacksize or not .
Candidate: returns whether this dataset is stacked stacksize or not .

Sample 19:
Reference: clone a possibly null date
Candidate: computes date from a date for the given dates .

Sample 20:
Reference: sets the click event for the current part .
Candidate: set the event of event to be given events .

Sample 21:
Reference: present the final image on the screen viewport .
Candidate: present the final image on the screen viewport .

Sample 22:
Reference: modified copy creator that supplies a clone with the branch field altered .
Candidate: make a copy of this url to make a clone with the url field changed .

Sample 23:
Reference: makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .

Sample 24:
Reference: expert callback when there is a cache hit on a given query .
Candidate: when there is a hit by the cache given

Sample 25:
Reference: deserialize an object from an xml reader .
Candidate: deserialize an object from an xml string .

Sample 26:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: writes the next value

Sample 27:
Reference: prints a message at debug priority .
Candidate: prints a message at debug priority .

Sample 28:
Reference: caller must be writesynchronized from before entry was retrieved
Candidate: call this method gets called before entry gets before returning it .

Sample 29:
Reference: translates position by pixelsx pixelsy at zoomlevel acordingly to maps scale .
Candidate: translates this coord object and all distance from the given zoom level .

Sample 30:
Reference: removes the element at the specified index from this array .
Candidate: removes the element at the specified index from this array .

Sample 31:
Reference: is this str a valid number
Candidate: is this str a valid number

Sample 32:
Reference: sets the entity s position directly .
Candidate: sets the entity s position directly .

Sample 33:
Reference: prints the given message lf to stdout if not silent mode
Candidate: prints the given message lf to stdout if not silent mode

Sample 34:
Reference: read a single line from the manifest buffer .
Candidate: read a single line from the manifest buffer .

Sample 35:
Reference: set how many results should be returned .
Candidate: get the maximum result of the query .

Sample 36:
Reference: get the shapes type
Candidate: returns the type type of the <UNK> .

Sample 37:
Reference: this method can be used to display a specified message in the burp suite alerts tab .
Candidate: this method can be used to display a specified message in the burp suite alerts tab .

Sample 38:
Reference: deletes a menu from the menu bar .
Candidate: deletes a menu from the menu bar .

Sample 39:
Reference: makes the empty view visible if the empty view was added to your layout .
Candidate: requests empty empty view view to the view view was added to your layout view .

Sample 40:
Reference: initializes all live attributes for this element .
Candidate: initializes all live attributes for this element .

Sample 41:
Reference: unweighted macro averaged f measure .
Candidate: returns the logistic representation of the value flow including the fractional value .

Sample 42:
Reference: inserts a sequence of statements before the start of this sequence when the sequence object is not null otherwise does nothing .
Candidate: adds a sequence of statements to the end of this sequence when the sequence sequence is not null does nothing .

Sample 43:
Reference: if a value is a long invoke the specified consumer with the value otherwise do nothing .
Candidate: does the consumer consumer have a long consumer for the specified consumer if a value is otherwise do nothing .

Sample 44:
Reference: will report exception logged by debuglog . wtf
Candidate: called when the is called on the <UNK> tag .

Sample 45:
Reference: reads a null terminated ascii string from the file starting at the current location and ending at the next x byte .
Candidate: reads the next string from the input stream and return it as an int .

Sample 46:
Reference: send an info log message
Candidate: send an info log message

Sample 47:
Reference: skips over any space plus tabs and returns in the file .
Candidate: skips skip the previous contiguous .

Sample 48:
Reference: put bitmap to image cache
Candidate: put bitmap to image cache

Sample 49:
Reference: add a number of days to this date and returns the new date .
Candidate: creates a date of allow java .

Sample 50:
Reference: checks whether the value of this nsnumber is a boolean .
Candidate: checks whether the value of this nsnumber is a boolean .

Sample 51:
Reference: compute the raster objects pixels based on the color model and the byte values .
Candidate: computes the dim array of two bytes required to a byte array .

Sample 52:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 53:
Reference: removes the tag of the given id
Candidate: removes the tag of the given id

Sample 54:
Reference: check whether the two values are equal .
Candidate: returns true if the value is equal to the same values .

Sample 55:
Reference: the message digest that will be used when self signing the root certificates .
Candidate: sets directory to be a directory .

Sample 56:
Reference: sort data based on provided sort field list .
Candidate: sort the given dbid in the given context .

Sample 57:
Reference: ishour returns true if string s is a valid number between and .
Candidate: isday returns true if string contains arguments hour minute between a certain arguments and start .

Sample 58:
Reference: ui action when network error
Candidate: the exception about the exception possibly the a network exception . the main exception .

Sample 59:
Reference: attempts a subscription to the given topic and quality of service .
Candidate: attempts a subscription to the given topic and quality of service .

Sample 60:
Reference: transmits a json rpc request to an endpoint
Candidate: broadcasts a json rpc request to all endpoints .

Sample 61:
Reference: flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out .
Candidate: flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out .

Sample 62:
Reference: stores char value into byte array assuming that value should be stored in little endian byte order and native byte order is big endian .
Candidate: stores char value assuming byte value that should be stored in little endian byte order and native byte order is

Sample 63:
Reference: checks if is the behind view showing .
Candidate: checks if is the behind view showing .

Sample 64:
Reference: output the sql type for a java boolean .
Candidate: appends a type type to the type of <UNK> .

Sample 65:
Reference: sanity check for operations requiring matrices with the same number of columns and rows .
Candidate: note that the of of set in bit vector set to the default bit initialization of the two matrix .

Sample 66:
Reference: make a new modifiable array of dbids .
Candidate: make a new modifiable array of dbids .

Sample 67:
Reference: adds the given xsl attribute to the set of collected attributes but only if there is a currently open element .
Candidate: adds the given xsl attribute to the end of collected attributes but only if there is a currently open element .

Sample 68:
Reference: estimates the variance of the error .
Candidate: returns the estimated variance of the entries produced by this class .

Sample 69:
Reference: create a new temporary file .
Candidate: creates a temporary file and returns the latest file .

Sample 70:
Reference: create a new key event that is the same as the given one but whose flags are replaced with the given value .
Candidate: modifies the key event with the given key and event type .

Sample 71:
Reference: the content of the deprecation description this element is associated with .
Candidate: the deprecation documentation of the proto element if present .

Sample 72:
Reference: utility method to check if argument is null or empty string
Candidate: check if the string is null null .

Sample 73:
Reference: removes callbacks that have the specified action and token .
Candidate: remove any previously associated with a particular type .

Sample 74:
Reference: decrement the reference count for the shared reference .
Candidate: decrement the reference count for the shared reference .

Sample 75:
Reference: this method is a lot faster than using int math . floor x .
Candidate: speedy floor faster than x y

Sample 76:
Reference: write this icc profile to a file .
Candidate: write this icc profile to a file .

Sample 77:
Reference: perform a http put request with parameters .
Candidate: perform a http put request with parameters .

Sample 78:
Reference: determine whether the given field matches .
Candidate: determine whether the given field matches .

Sample 79:
Reference: creates a metadata key for the given parentclass subtype and context .
Candidate: creates an <UNK> key of the given key for the given key .

Sample 80:
Reference: this method performs the appropriate tasks while in the started state .
Candidate: performs the processing of the document to come in the history of a nearby workflow .

Sample 81:
Reference: appends the label for a package fragment root .
Candidate: appends the label for a package fragment root .

Sample 82:
Reference: processes the provided operation result for the provided operation .
Candidate: processes the provided operation for processing the progress and process the new error .

Sample 83:
Reference: removes dragged item from the list .
Candidate: removes dragged item from the list .

Sample 84:
Reference: compute the distance from a plane to a point .
Candidate: compute the distance from a plane to a point .

Sample 85:
Reference: print a value formatted groovy style to the print stream .
Candidate: print the value to a print stream .

Sample 86:
Reference: appends a tag that indicates that a body section ends .
Candidate: returns the text part of the trailing .

Sample 87:
Reference: removes spinnerwheel clicking listener
Candidate: removes spinnerwheel clicking listener

Sample 88:
Reference: callback for when the matrix displaying the drawable has changed .
Candidate: callback for when the matrix displaying the drawable has changed .

Sample 89:
Reference: add a new footer view when view is null throws a nullpointerexception
Candidate: append a footer view

Sample 90:
Reference: determine if eventname is a registered event for a given modulename
Candidate: determine if eventname is a registered event for a given modulename

Sample 91:
Reference: return the validity period as user readable string .
Candidate: return the printable string .

Sample 92:
Reference: uses the builder to construct a new combinatorialnamegenerator .
Candidate: builds the <UNK> object using the <UNK> and set the <UNK> .

Sample 93:
Reference: this method moves the cursor to the first column of the nth next line where n is specified by the ansi parameter default .
Candidate: this method moves the cursor to the first column of the escape sequences where the specified is parsed .

Sample 94:
Reference: optional sets whether or not to disable any notification this message might usually cause .
Candidate: optional sets whether or not to disable any notification this message might usually cause .

Sample 95:
Reference: update the login and the password in the preferences .
Candidate: update the new account with the password .

Sample 96:
Reference: send the dcc message to set the momentary state of locomotive functions f f f f f
Candidate: send the dcc message to set the momentary state of locomotive functions f f f f f

Sample 97:
Reference: adds the duration to the instant specifying the number of times to add .
Candidate: adds a specified amount to the specified number with the specified scalar .

Sample 98:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 99:
Reference: called when gwt module has been changed .
Candidate: called when gwt module has been changed .

Sample 100:
Reference: creates a decoder for the key type .
Candidate: create a key for the underlying type that is non invalid key .

Sample 101:
Reference: accepts a double value .
Candidate: accepts a double value .

Sample 102:
Reference: removes the specified observer from the list of observers .
Candidate: removes the specified observer from the list of observers .

Sample 103:
Reference: creates new folder with given name .
Candidate: creates a new container and attaches it to the default logger name .

Sample 104:
Reference: whether a value is defined in this column .
Candidate: returns whether or not the specified value exists into a column .

Sample 105:
Reference: check if password based authentication is enabled .
Candidate: gets the value of the oauth authorization credentials is not allowed .

Sample 106:
Reference: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting if necessary until an element becomes available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting if necessary until an element becomes available .

Sample 107:
Reference: is one of the quality items waiting to be distributed .
Candidate: you have some offline items for the item .

Sample 108:
Reference: returns true if the link exists and is a sym link .
Candidate: checks if the given file is likely to be a slash .

Sample 109:
Reference: choose data source to open .
Candidate: controls the data source to to be opened .

Sample 110:
Reference: checks whether the given resource is a java source file .
Candidate: checks whether the given resource is a java source file .

Sample 111:
Reference: returns the signature of a method like public abstract foo object o throws exception throwable .
Candidate: creates the java type name the first method of <UNK> method .

Sample 112:
Reference: returns the number of elements in this deque .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 113:
Reference: replace the characters starting at the specified bit unit offset with the specified string .
Candidate: replace the characters starting at the specified bit unit offset with the specified string .

Sample 114:
Reference: computes the projection matrix
Candidate: computes the covariance matrix using the <UNK> matrix .

Sample 115:
Reference: initialize the distributed queue consumer
Candidate: initialise the job pool with the given time pool and prevents it to resume the internal thread pool .

Sample 116:
Reference: override this to implement analytics initialisation .
Candidate: init the core bar for the <UNK> method .

Sample 117:
Reference: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .
Candidate: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .

Sample 118:
Reference: the size group s that this component should be placed in .
Candidate: the size group s that this component should be placed in .

Sample 119:
Reference: java wrapper for windows registry api regenumvalue
Candidate: the function to declare a private key value that is missing in the api

Sample 120:
Reference: constructs and returns the qr decomposition of the given matrix .
Candidate: create a pushable b

Sample 121:
Reference: captures a photo and notifies with the image data when available
Candidate: captures a photo with notifies with the data when available

Sample 122:
Reference: unregisters the platform in the cmr by sending the agent name and the network interfaces defined by the machine .
Candidate: unregisters the agent from the cmr in the cmr id .

Sample 123:
Reference: if this is true then datetime . tostring should print local timestamps and utc if this is false .
Candidate: returns whether the local time is in to a debug time .

Sample 124:
Reference: clears all values from the collection .
Candidate: clear all the values stored after after it has .

Sample 125:
Reference: suspends encoding of the stream .
Candidate: gets encoding of the stream .

Sample 126:
Reference: returns the number of rows matching the dynamic query .
Candidate: returns the number of rows matching the dynamic query .

Sample 127:
Reference: indicates whether some other object is equal to this one .
Candidate: indicates whether the given object is equal to the same value for the specified type .

Sample 128:
Reference: selectively close transactions on the specified graphs or the graphs of traversal sources .
Candidate: closes the completion of a physical of the participating files that are currently opened .

Sample 129:
Reference: removes a listener object from the code bookmark .
Candidate: removes a listener object from the code bookmark .

Sample 130:
Reference: constructs an empty concurrenthashmap .
Candidate: new concurrenthashmap and initialcapacity

Sample 131:
Reference: specified message is read from the serial port .
Candidate: called when the implementing <UNK> is been received from the remote .

Sample 132:
Reference: checks if the spider should parse the robots . txt for uris not related to following the directions .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> should not be emitted by the <UNK> .

Sample 133:
Reference: executes before the object is attached to an entitymanager on merge operation .
Candidate: called after the entity is to be deleted .

Sample 134:
Reference: provides the command line arguments to the main application for processing .
Candidate: provides the command line arguments to the main application .

Sample 135:
Reference: searched recursivly for pattern evaluation filter nodes .
Candidate: creates a node tree consisting of the ast node .

Sample 136:
Reference: this method should be called just before shutdown to stop the connectionmanager and idledconnectionevictor
Candidate: closes the connection manager to a connection .

Sample 137:
Reference: sets the job title of the user .
Candidate: sets the job title of the user .

Sample 138:
Reference: unregister from the ims
Candidate: unregister the message marking the program alive and pass the <UNK> .

Sample 139:
Reference: copies all of the mappings from the specified map to the cache .
Candidate: copies all profile entries from the given map to the given time .

Sample 140:
Reference: cause autoscrolling to stop
Candidate: stops the timer thread .

Sample 141:
Reference: removes the storage with the given id from the memory .
Candidate: deletes a word and have been deleted from the database .

Sample 142:
Reference: returns the type of graph representing the object .
Candidate: returns the type of graph representing .

Sample 143:
Reference: request each mutator flush remembered sets .
Candidate: request the actual local message to be called instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 144:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 145:
Reference: add key value pair to map and key need not null or empty
Candidate: add key value pair to map and key need not null or empty

Sample 146:
Reference: performs the functionality to stop the progress polling and stop any other procedures from running that we no longer need .
Candidate: performs callbacks for polling progress and polling after the progress is no longer polling for animations .

Sample 147:
Reference: registers an event listener .
Candidate: add a listener listener to the event listeners .

Sample 148:
Reference: finds the list of virtual arrays connected to the given host .
Candidate: finds the list of virtual arrays connected to the given host optionally filtering the results .

Sample 149:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 150:
Reference: this method gets head response
Candidate: this a head response and waits until the response is available .

Sample 151:
Reference: this method is for detached objects only .
Candidate: returns whether if the the <UNK> is pointing to be the same fluid .

Sample 152:
Reference: post event to main thread from other thread .
Candidate: executes a task to the main thread .

Sample 153:
Reference: callback method invoked when the surfaceholder is destroyed
Candidate: callback method invoked when the surfaceholder is part of the surfaceholder .

Sample 154:
Reference: extend object with category methods .
Candidate: extend the globally with category methods .

Sample 155:
Reference: this method try to find a matching enum value by the given character representation .
Candidate: evaluate the <UNK> flag by a single character set .

Sample 156:
Reference: indicates that this material should use a color value for every vertex .
Candidate: indicates that this material should use a color value for every vertex .

Sample 157:
Reference: removes an action from the running action list given its tag
Candidate: removes an action from the specified intent

Sample 158:
Reference: called on click .
Candidate: this function to click called on a time

Sample 159:
Reference: create the map of descriptions that make up this scope .
Candidate: return the <UNK> object in which to be merged as a new list of entries tags .

Sample 160:
Reference: puts all values of this record into the given map .
Candidate: put this record into the new map .

Sample 161:
Reference: adds a translational component to the matrix in the rd column .
Candidate: adds a translational component to the specified in the scalar .

Sample 162:
Reference: asserts that each entry in actual exactly matches with an entry in expected .
Candidate: asserts that each entry in exactly actual matches with an entry in expected .

Sample 163:
Reference: flush the buffer and set the offset to zero .
Candidate: flush and flush a buffer to the underlying buffer .

Sample 164:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 165:
Reference: you can add a section to filter the input specification so livingdoc will only execute the specified sections .
Candidate: sets a new filter to use in the order .

Sample 166:
Reference: called when a sort control is clicked on a facetvalueheader .
Candidate: notification when the mouse is executed by the <UNK> .

Sample 167:
Reference: this native method is where all of the work happens in the accelerated blit .
Candidate: blit to native and conjunction of the units in the accelerated blit .

Sample 168:
Reference: writes an exception to this writer .
Candidate: writes a exception to this writer .

Sample 169:
Reference: called when a touch event s action is motionevent . action cancel .
Candidate: called when a touch event s action is motionevent . action cancel .

Sample 170:
Reference: iswin returns true if player has placed three tokens in a horizontal vertical or diagonal row on the grid
Candidate: determine if a give string has a full distance frames .

Sample 171:
Reference: gets the enabled state of the drawing view .
Candidate: return the enabled state of the application .

Sample 172:
Reference: converts exs units to user units .
Candidate: converts <UNK> to encrypt lat units .

Sample 173:
Reference: get the input stream associated with a given full size image .
Candidate: get the input stream associated with a given full size image .

Sample 174:
Reference: sets delay time before starting loading task .
Candidate: sets delay time before starting loading task .

Sample 175:
Reference: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .
Candidate: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .

Sample 176:
Reference: true if this represents java . lang . string
Candidate: true if this represents represents represents string .

Sample 177:
Reference: removes the document listener .
Candidate: releases the listener from the input list so it can be cleared by the watcher .

Sample 178:
Reference: whether or not the given string is a match for this command .
Candidate: indicates if the given user is a command string .

Sample 179:
Reference: creates a new websocket instance .
Candidate: creates a new websocket instance .

Sample 180:
Reference: links the provided element as the last in the queue waiting until there is space to do so if the queue is full .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the end of this deque waiting if it is either than <UNK> .

Sample 181:
Reference: returns true if bat is in hanging state .
Candidate: indicates if this wraps is <UNK> to be manipulated .

Sample 182:
Reference: append some raw data to the test log file .
Candidate: invokes the log file to a new log file .

Sample 183:
Reference: adds the specified listener to be notified when a top level window is created or destroyed .
Candidate: add a top listener to be notified when a top window window is created .

Sample 184:
Reference: removes a parameter from the request .
Candidate: removes a parameter from the request .

Sample 185:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates an event handler which is used to execute the distributed event .

Sample 186:
Reference: returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry .
Candidate: returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry .

Sample 187:
Reference: remove a propertychangelistener from this tupleset .
Candidate: remove a propertychangelistener from this tupleset .

Sample 188:
Reference: called when the value text has changed .
Candidate: called when the value text has changed .

Sample 189:
Reference: returns a hash value based on a seed value and the value of a boolean primitive .
Candidate: returns a hash value value on a seed value and the mean of the primitive int .

Sample 190:
Reference: determines if the gridview scrolled down enough to reveal a new cell at the bottom of the list .
Candidate: determines if the gridview scrolled down enough to reveal a new cell at the bottom of the list .

Sample 191:
Reference: send broadcast of new file so files appear over mtp
Candidate: send broadcast of new file so files appear over mtp

Sample 192:
Reference: set the throwable and abort run loop .
Candidate: close the error and cause http reason .

Sample 193:
Reference: ends playback of the current song
Candidate: stops the native thread immediately i . e .

Sample 194:
Reference: creates an unmarshaller that can unmarshal a given element .
Candidate: creates an unmarshaller that can unmarshal a given element .

Sample 195:
Reference: send raw bytes to the bean as a serial message .
Candidate: send a utf byte to the bean as a serial message .

Sample 196:
Reference: action to be performed
Candidate: action to be performed

Sample 197:
Reference: stores the provided configuration against the provided version label .
Candidate: stores the provided configuration against the provided version label .

Sample 198:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 199:
Reference: progress this machine has to do to produce something
Candidate: progress this machine has to do to produce something

Sample 200:
Reference: get a random negative whole number
Candidate: get a random negative whole unit of the <UNK> .

Sample 201:
Reference: creates a stream of primary key columns located in this document .
Candidate: creates a stream of primary key primary key columns in columns .

Sample 202:
Reference: creates a new pair containing the given elements in order .
Candidate: creates a new pair containing the given elements in order .

Sample 203:
Reference: loads the friend list for the given player
Candidate: load the raw fluid list for the player player .

Sample 204:
Reference: apply order level promotions on cart .
Candidate: pattern order by adding it to a new cart .

Sample 205:
Reference: generates random bytes and places them into a user supplied byte array .
Candidate: places the bytes and returns a random number of bytes .

Sample 206:
Reference: the request is about to come into scope of the web application .
Candidate: requests that is about to verify of the web scope .

Sample 207:
Reference: end grouping actions for a single undo operation note this only works with bookmarkmodel not partner bookmarks .
Candidate: end grouping actions for a single undo operation note this only works with bookmarkmodel not partner bookmarks .

Sample 208:
Reference: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array .
Candidate: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array .

Sample 209:
Reference: increments the counter by .
Candidate: returns the counter of transaction .

Sample 210:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 211:
Reference: rounds floating point to integral .
Candidate: <UNK> dst to <UNK> and register size as needed .

Sample 212:
Reference: indicates whether this package is sealed .
Candidate: returns true if this package is sealed .

Sample 213:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 214:
Reference: states whether the given event is active or not .
Candidate: states whether the event associated with the given id is active that is whether it should be logged or not .

Sample 215:
Reference: interprets a bytecode instruction with a variable number of arguments .
Candidate: interprets a bytecode instruction with a variable number of arguments .

Sample 216:
Reference: get the era property which provides access to advanced functionality .
Candidate: get the era property which provides access to advanced functionality .

Sample 217:
Reference: beancontextmembership interface method .
Candidate: method for beancontextmembership interface

Sample 218:
Reference: compose two functions together into a single function
Candidate: wraps a operator to reference to this object via applying the input operator .

Sample 219:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 220:
Reference: pushes the local comments and reviews back to the origin .
Candidate: reads the the end of the freemarker file .

Sample 221:
Reference: contexts annotatedscriptelement returns n enumdeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedscriptelement n enumdeclaration declaredmodifiers n modifier name bindingidentifier literals n enumliteral literals n enumliteral
Candidate: contexts statement returns just returns functiondeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedexportableelement n interfacedeclaration declaredmodifiers n modifier name bindingidentifier ?

Sample 222:
Reference: used by super class to log the attribute s contents when packet logging is enabled .
Candidate: used by super class to log the attribute s contents when packet logging is enabled .

Sample 223:
Reference: returns json string for this ssf value with optional name .
Candidate: convert an attribute to a string .

Sample 224:
Reference: cast result to proper java object
Candidate: cast result to proper java object

Sample 225:
Reference: turns the given file into the best absolute representation available
Candidate: this method will get the canonical name of the file .

Sample 226:
Reference: this method should be called when the viewpager changes to another page .
Candidate: this method is called when a new use becomes active but only active view changes .

Sample 227:
Reference: gets the name that is associated with an ir code .
Candidate: gets the name of the specified bytecode code that can be written to the current time file

Sample 228:
Reference: returns an enumeration of the members in the group .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the members of this group .

Sample 229:
Reference: serializes one or more requests but does not execute them .
Candidate: serializes one or more requests but does not execute them .

Sample 230:
Reference: finds the first match of the specified pattern and returns the specified matched group .
Candidate: finds the first match of the given group and returns the first group .

Sample 231:
Reference: function to create cache
Candidate: function to create cache

Sample 232:
Reference: reads the contents of a file line by line to a list of strings .
Candidate: reads the contents of a file line by line to a list of strings .

Sample 233:
Reference: api will verify whether the block can be shortlisted based on block max and min key .
Candidate: api will verify whether the block can block <UNK> block based on block and min key .

Sample 234:
Reference: forward a jmriclientmessage to all registered jmriclientinterface listeners .
Candidate: forward a jmriclientreply to all registered message listeners .

Sample 235:
Reference: clears out the back buffer and the resets the visual state so next paint operation will do a full repaint of everything
Candidate: clear the background for the old color .

Sample 236:
Reference: given an x y coordinate starting mark attributedcharacteriterator return a mark which encapsulates a selection continued action .
Candidate: returns the selection y position to the x character at x y .

Sample 237:
Reference: checks if our config for storing token keys exists already .
Candidate: if if the config has already exists in the user configuration .

Sample 238:
Reference: load specific document details
Candidate: load specific document details

Sample 239:
Reference: writes the contents of the given array .
Candidate: writes the contents of the given array .

Sample 240:
Reference: the function for the users to call for the structured svm
Candidate: does this f to the given random number .

Sample 241:
Reference: formats an archive timestamp in way consistent with gemfire log dates .
Candidate: formats milliseconds to a time in the format hh mm .

Sample 242:
Reference: called when the launch of application has failed .
Candidate: called when the launch of application has failed .

Sample 243:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 244:
Reference: deletes one or more filesystems
Candidate: delete the passed filesystems for the passed file and returns them .

Sample 245:
Reference: indents a string with spaces .
Candidate: indents a string with spaces .

Sample 246:
Reference: if true write headers .
Candidate: determines whether this headers should be attempted for all headers of the message .

Sample 247:
Reference: returns the name of the affected table .
Candidate: returns the name of the affected table .

Sample 248:
Reference: returns true if root ca checking is going to be done .
Candidate: returns whether the backend is currently enabled for the <UNK> .

Sample 249:
Reference: saves flushes and refreshes an entity .
Candidate: saves and store the entity to refresh its .

Sample 250:
Reference: this method is used to remove an intruder payload generator factory that has been registered by the extension .
Candidate: this method is used to remove an intruder payload generator factory that has been registered by the extension .

Sample 251:
Reference: clone the policy and return a new policy which uses the passed sleeper .
Candidate: returns the listener with the provided message and is outside .

Sample 252:
Reference: called when a cell receives a contextclick event .
Candidate: called when the user is clicked for a cell .

Sample 253:
Reference: pull the contents of the current text node from the stream .
Candidate: the text is the text to be displayed in the <UNK> .

Sample 254:
Reference: return true if entry has an operation .
Candidate: returns true if the engine has an intermediate entry for this entry .

Sample 255:
Reference: community description ignored fof type public
Candidate: description of the group

Sample 256:
Reference: return a stringified version of the acl .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the same entries in the <UNK> .

Sample 257:
Reference: checks whether this listenerentry is interested in the given event .
Candidate: tests if the event cache wants to handle the cache of .

Sample 258:
Reference: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the delete button .
Candidate: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the delete button .

Sample 259:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having changed something .
Candidate: performs some actions in response to a user s changing something

Sample 260:
Reference: pause the audio being played .
Candidate: when we playing a function to the video player

Sample 261:
Reference: indicates if the nas should use the ip address indicated in this instance .
Candidate: indicates if this attribute was the provided by this element .

Sample 262:
Reference: this method will be invoked when a service s schema has been changed .
Candidate: this method will be invoked when a service s schema has been changed .

Sample 263:
Reference: loads a char from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: loads a char from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 264:
Reference: priority badness difference between best and worst .
Candidate: return root caches to lookup memory .

Sample 265:
Reference: convert an object to json byte array .
Candidate: converts object to json format to an array

Sample 266:
Reference: set a configuration parameter to the given value .
Candidate: set the configuration parameter to the given value .

Sample 267:
Reference: assume move had been valid so the undo is a straightforward swap .
Candidate: shift move on the board where the board is a straightforward swap .

Sample 268:
Reference: expand the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .
Candidate: expand the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .

Sample 269:
Reference: select radio button based on previous or next operation
Candidate: select radio button based on previous or next operation

Sample 270:
Reference: indicating whether a specific file should be included in a pathname list .
Candidate: indicating whether a specific file should be included in a pathname list .

Sample 271:
Reference: remove an id from this set .
Candidate: removes a set of entry ids in this hash .

Sample 272:
Reference: removes a single sort field from the current sort information .
Candidate: removes a single sort field from the current sort information .

Sample 273:
Reference: reads a long bit from the source stream .
Candidate: reads a long bit from the source stream .

Sample 274:
Reference: indicate the given timestamp has just been created .
Candidate: called when the user selects a <UNK> for the <UNK> .

Sample 275:
Reference: atomically adds deletes or replaces a record with the provided key according to the new value computed by the update function .
Candidate: updates the record with the provided key and adds the provided in the tree .

Sample 276:
Reference: replace case insensitive default string with passed in string .
Candidate: replace the default version of string to to the original string .

Sample 277:
Reference: set one of the dimensions of the vector to . param j the dimension to set .
Candidate: set the unit of two vector .

Sample 278:
Reference: transform int to string with prefix if less than
Candidate: formats a string to a unicode string .

Sample 279:
Reference: creates a new matrix by rounding all elements in this matrix to the specified number of decimal places .
Candidate: rounds this this vector d to the specified number of decimal places .

Sample 280:
Reference: searches the class path to obtain the url of the class file specified by classname .
Candidate: searches the class path to obtain the url of the class file specified by classname .

Sample 281:
Reference: method to get dimension from dimensiondictionary for a given name .
Candidate: helper method that loads the dimension name for the given dimension .

Sample 282:
Reference: remove all subscriptions for the client
Candidate: removes all subscriptions from the specified client id .

Sample 283:
Reference: returns the next character from the selected input .
Candidate: returns the next character from the selected input .

Sample 284:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 285:
Reference: adds a new parse filter to the spider .
Candidate: adds the filter filter to the spider controller .

Sample 286:
Reference: notifies this engine instance that no more outbound application data will be sent to this engine .
Candidate: notifies this engine instance that no more outbound application data will be sent to this engine .

Sample 287:
Reference: the result of the unification algorithm proper .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> map as opposed to a map of <UNK> .

Sample 288:
Reference: returns a new gvtglyphvector object for the specified string .
Candidate: returns a new glyphvector object created with the specified string of the specified fontrendercontext .

Sample 289:
Reference: returns a string representation of the element .
Candidate: returns a string representation

Sample 290:
Reference: called when the webcontents instant support is disabled .
Candidate: called when the webcontents instant support is disabled .

Sample 291:
Reference: the default behavior of this method is to call senderror int sc on the wrapped response object .
Candidate: the default behavior of this method is to call <UNK> int sc sc wrapped response object .

Sample 292:
Reference: create an xmlfilter that uses the given source as the transformation instructions .
Candidate: create an xmlfilter that uses the given source as the transformation instructions .

Sample 293:
Reference: whether the device has any deviceservices that require an active connection websocket http registration etc
Candidate: whether the device has any deviceservices that require an active connection websocket http registration etc

Sample 294:
Reference: create an odata request context with the given http method .
Candidate: create an odata request context with the given http method odata uri .

Sample 295:
Reference: creates a new instance of a happymysql object with the same parameters as those of the input happymysql object .
Candidate: creates an instance of a happysql object .

Sample 296:
Reference: dismiss save recording dialog
Candidate: stops the default fragment when it is not visible and remove it again .

Sample 297:
Reference: writes the terms file trailer .
Candidate: writes the terms file trailer .

Sample 298:
Reference: removes p net no from the net number array .
Candidate: check if the container contains <UNK> energy from the <UNK> and

Sample 299:
Reference: watches for displayability changes and disposes shared instance if there are no displayable children left .
Candidate: watches for displayability changes and disposes shared instance if there are no displayable children left .

Sample 300:
Reference: configures a given eclipse project from a maven project description .
Candidate: method method called when the user clicks the given sub project .

Sample 301:
Reference: overload this method in derived class
Candidate: initialise visit method for existing node

Sample 302:
Reference: invokes mapping function on inner value if present .
Candidate: wraps iterable function to a map of input

Sample 303:
Reference: notify this listener the sensor matrix changed in a vision world model .
Candidate: notify the listener of the physical tile change event .

Sample 304:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 305:
Reference: returns information specifying whether a user is a member of a community .
Candidate: returns information specifying whether a user is a member of a community .

Sample 306:
Reference: waits until the predicate on the page object entity is true times out in waitinseconds .
Candidate: waits until the predicate on the page object entity is true times out in waitinseconds .

Sample 307:
Reference: called by processor host to initialize the event processor .
Candidate: called when the client is ready to receive of of the partition .

Sample 308:
Reference: return a string representation of this vector .
Candidate: return a string representation of this vector

Sample 309:
Reference: this executor will be shutdown if it is no longer referenced and has no threads .
Candidate: releases the thread pool .

Sample 310:
Reference: check whether the optional superclassaccess child exists .
Candidate: check whether the optional superclassaccess child exists .

Sample 311:
Reference: trace is never enabled .
Candidate: trace is never enabled .

Sample 312:
Reference: generates a dup x instruction .
Candidate: generates a dup x instruction .

Sample 313:
Reference: gets the value of the whitelabelwallet property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 314:
Reference: calls any listeners with the given event and current port
Candidate: notify the listeners with the event listeners and the port

Sample 315:
Reference: some examples are not compatible with every native lookandfeel .
Candidate: prepare the iteration actions to be called instead of the <UNK> options .

Sample 316:
Reference: checking opus file format
Candidate: returns the <UNK> file associated to a file file directory and not be reused .

Sample 317:
Reference: signals error to the aws enumeration adapter .
Candidate: signals error to the aws enumeration adapter .

Sample 318:
Reference: pre process parameter .
Candidate: process the query parameter for the the query string .

Sample 319:
Reference: flush the file s buffer .
Candidate: flush any pending file descriptor to file descriptor file to a file .

Sample 320:
Reference: gets the symbol id associated with a given symbol name .
Candidate: finds the generic method corresponding to the given name in the given name in the given name .

Sample 321:
Reference: print the optional message on stderr print the usage information on stderr and then force the program to exit with the given status code .
Candidate: print the optional message message stderr on stderr and then force the program to exit with the given program object .

Sample 322:
Reference: gets the end time of this airing .
Candidate: gets the end time for this airing which is passed to the

Sample 323:
Reference: get the file length .
Candidate: gets the length length .

Sample 324:
Reference: create view holder according to view types .
Candidate: create <UNK> function for the <UNK> view and return the <UNK> .

Sample 325:
Reference: encodes everything of a query parameter name or value .
Candidate: sugar for the query param as a i . e .

Sample 326:
Reference: handler that is executed when a node has been discarded
Candidate: handler that is executed when a tree has been reached .

Sample 327:
Reference: add the specified property change listener .
Candidate: add a propertychangelistener to the listener list .

Sample 328:
Reference: gets various dynamic metrics of remote node .
Candidate: return the metrics snapshot of this client .

Sample 329:
Reference: convert writable to double .
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 330:
Reference: update the heap array ssa form for an allocation instruction
Candidate: if in a instruction for adding a or or null instruction tags or in the same instruction .

Sample 331:
Reference: returns true if zooming via double tap is enabled false if not .
Candidate: returns true if zooming via double tap is enabled false if not .

Sample 332:
Reference: get extension id .
Candidate: get bootstrap id id .

Sample 333:
Reference: create viewpager item layout
Candidate: creates a new item view for the item to be replaced .

Sample 334:
Reference: returns an expression .
Candidate: constructs a new instance of the indexed field .

Sample 335:
Reference: internal method taking a stringbuffer in parameter and inserts the text content at the start of the buffer
Candidate: insert the text to string and insert into the the buffer .

Sample 336:
Reference: imposes the canonicalizing mapping during object de serialization .
Candidate: imposes the canonicalizing mapping during object de serialization .

Sample 337:
Reference: find a generic entity by its primary key and only returns the values requested by the passed keys names note references
Candidate: find a generic entity by its primary key and only returns the values requested by the passed keys names

Sample 338:
Reference: append all elements in a list to buffer .
Candidate: append all elements in a list to buffer .

Sample 339:
Reference: returns whether subscriptions are supported .
Candidate: returns whether subscriptions are supported .

Sample 340:
Reference: fired when a request returns successfully override to handle in your own code
Candidate: fired when a request returns successfully override to handle in your own code

Sample 341:
Reference: navigates forward in the form .
Candidate: navigates forward in the form .

Sample 342:
Reference: called when a playlist has been removed
Candidate: called when the user has been removed from the <UNK> .

Sample 343:
Reference: return the current size of the encoded data .
Candidate: return the number of key value pairs in this stream .

Sample 344:
Reference: adds namespace declaration to the node
Candidate: add the namespace declaration of the <UNK> field as a namespace .

Sample 345:
Reference: if true the trace width at static pins smaller the the trace width will be lowered automatically to the pin with if necessary .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is <UNK> to be sell at the current time .

Sample 346:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 347:
Reference: checks if the input string is in white list
Candidate: determines whether the input in in white or not in a list .

Sample 348:
Reference: create a drawable from an inputstream using the given resources and value to determine density information .
Candidate: create a drawable from an inputstream using the given resources and value to determine density information .

Sample 349:
Reference: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .
Candidate: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .

Sample 350:
Reference: appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
Candidate: writes a value value .

Sample 351:
Reference: closes the connection if stale .
Candidate: closes the connection if stale .

Sample 352:
Reference: fired on call failure .
Candidate: called when an error occurred during parsing .

Sample 353:
Reference: start simulating load progress from a baseline of .
Candidate: start simulating load progress from a baseline of .

Sample 354:
Reference: convert a string to a double allowed input is in fixed notation ddd . fff .
Candidate: convert a string to a double allowed input is in fixed notation ddd . fff .

Sample 355:
Reference: overridable callback method invoked at the end of processing each directory .
Candidate: overridable callback method invoked at the end of processing each directory .

Sample 356:
Reference: creates a listener that is responsible that updates the ui based on how the tree changes .
Candidate: creates a propertychangelistener for the jsplitpane ui .

Sample 357:
Reference: send update notifications to listeners
Candidate: send update notifications to listeners

Sample 358:
Reference: is fatal logging currently enabled ?
Candidate: is fatal logging currently enabled ?

Sample 359:
Reference: only for advertising agencies .
Candidate: for advertising agencies .

Sample 360:
Reference: creates a reader from an input split
Candidate: creates a reader from an input split

Sample 361:
Reference: create an odata request with the given hhtp method .
Candidate: create an odata request with the given hhtp method .

Sample 362:
Reference: returns true if there is low level info flow info on the receiver or one of the method arguments .
Candidate: returns true if the source is has a high level info .

Sample 363:
Reference: update the current row .
Candidate: updates the current row from the map of rows and

Sample 364:
Reference: when we draw our buffered images it s necessary to implement the imageobserver interface .
Candidate: searches this object when the width height or width changes and height .

Sample 365:
Reference: get whether this contact is authorized by you to be a contact
Candidate: checks whether a <UNK> is authorized to be logged .

Sample 366:
Reference: clear backlog for a given subscription on all destinations on a namespace bundle
Candidate: remove the namespace from a user s for for a subscription .

Sample 367:
Reference: converts this object to value object .
Candidate: converts the key to a dto .

Sample 368:
Reference: this method will be called when a application scope ends
Candidate: called when a user application has ended end

Sample 369:
Reference: adds parameter show docker container size information .
Candidate: returns the array size which must use containers .

Sample 370:
Reference: do not delete !
Candidate: do not delete !

Sample 371:
Reference: creates the action with the number of jumps the sin amplitude the grid size and the duration
Candidate: creates the action in amplitude a grid size and grid duration

Sample 372:
Reference: the signed inclusive lower bound on the value described by this stamp .
Candidate: the inclusive lower bound on the value described position .

Sample 373:
Reference: returns the cookie s name .
Candidate: the name of the repository .

Sample 374:
Reference: if a video is going to be played what kind of overlay will be displayed
Candidate: returns the listener that creates a video view and the it to be automatically .

Sample 375:
Reference: withdraw the vote cast by the service a service has only one vote .
Candidate: called when the user leaves a <UNK> thread .

Sample 376:
Reference: defend against malicious streams .
Candidate: defend against malicious streams .

Sample 377:
Reference: returns whether the given fs has already been copied using this cascopier .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> node is a live non volatile cursor .

Sample 378:
Reference: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .
Candidate: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .

Sample 379:
Reference: get the global id of the contact with the id .
Candidate: get the global id of the the id .

Sample 380:
Reference: returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where uuid .
Candidate: returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where uuid .

Sample 381:
Reference: tests if this name object represents an anonymous entity .
Candidate: tests if this name object represents an anonymous entity .

Sample 382:
Reference: return true if this vector has seen all version changes that the other vector has seen
Candidate: returns true if we available <UNK> dominate all basic block .

Sample 383:
Reference: list all resources in the ipt .
Candidate: returns an unmodifiable list of resource that can be managed by a user .

Sample 384:
Reference: log a warning message .
Candidate: log a warning message .

Sample 385:
Reference: initialize all of your data here as you would with oncreate normally .
Candidate: init the activity here this method is equivalent to oncreate

Sample 386:
Reference: add a group of methods to this class as miranda methods .
Candidate: add method to add a <UNK> method to the <UNK> list .

Sample 387:
Reference: adds a custom potion effect to this potion .
Candidate: add custom effect to potion .

Sample 388:
Reference: add a message in the messages . yml file .
Candidate: adds a message to the registry .

Sample 389:
Reference: helper method to create a table column .
Candidate: creates a table mapping for the given column name and

Sample 390:
Reference: echo has been heard start delay for next packet
Candidate: echo has been heard start delay for next packet

Sample 391:
Reference: returns true if the sequence id is valid .
Candidate: returns if the database sequence is due to a concurrent sequence for

Sample 392:
Reference: updates the value in the named column .
Candidate: updates the value in the named column .

Sample 393:
Reference: gets the capacity of the vector .
Candidate: returns the capacity of the vector

Sample 394:
Reference: terminates event transmission and all pending requests .
Candidate: destroys the listener to see if there is no longer receive the fragment .

Sample 395:
Reference: returns true if this command is a call to an external program .
Candidate: returns if the database is a pure assignment for the <UNK> .

Sample 396:
Reference: returns true if the server is closed .
Candidate: returns true if the server is closed .

Sample 397:
Reference: removes a range of bytes .
Candidate: removes a range of bytes .

Sample 398:
Reference: can this mediaroutecontroller handle a media element ?
Candidate: can this <UNK> handle a media element ?

Sample 399:
Reference: used just for the redraw button .
Candidate: reacts of the actionperformed button occurs for the layer that calls doprepare if the layer receives a redrawcmd command .

Sample 400:
Reference: called when an action is performed .
Candidate: called when an event should close the event .

Sample 401:
Reference: writes an array of bytes .
Candidate: writes an array of bytes .

Sample 402:
Reference: override the parent s method to do nothing .
Candidate: override the parent s method to do nothing .

Sample 403:
Reference: returns a list of all the columns in the relation
Candidate: returns a definitions for all columns in the relation

Sample 404:
Reference: write the object to the passed output stream .
Candidate: serialize the object to output .

Sample 405:
Reference: resets the internal storage and viewport coordinates .
Candidate: resets the number and records the the to the interval .

Sample 406:
Reference: preserve classic semantics if multiple javadocs are found on the token the last one is returned
Candidate: preserve classic semantics if multiple javadocs are found on the token last one is returned

Sample 407:
Reference: retrieves whether this database stores tables in a local file .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database stores tables in a local file .

Sample 408:
Reference: creates inputstream using the same data that is written into this stream with no copying in memory
Candidate: converts a public input stream to a stream of input data .

Sample 409:
Reference: notifies this thread to stop processing
Candidate: stops xbl processing on the document .

Sample 410:
Reference: animates the contextual search panel to a given state with a custom duration .
Candidate: animates the contextual search panel to a given state with a custom duration .

Sample 411:
Reference: increments the functionexecutionscompleted stat .
Candidate: increments the <UNK> stat .

Sample 412:
Reference: returns whether a specific value satisfies the constraint or not .
Candidate: tells whether or not the given value is satisfied .

Sample 413:
Reference: append another targetroll to the end of this one
Candidate: append another url to this space and non space other non physically to the non flushing .

Sample 414:
Reference: apply an angular impulse .
Candidate: apply an angular impulse .

Sample 415:
Reference: evaluates the tuple expression against the supplied triple source with the specified set of variable bindings as input .
Candidate: evaluates the tuple expression using the given concrete code of this parameters in this object s input parameters .

Sample 416:
Reference: returns the title case equivalent for the specified character if it exists .
Candidate: returns the title case equivalent for the specified character if it exists .

Sample 417:
Reference: builds the tooltip used for nodes that represent a single graph node .
Candidate: generates the tooltip shown when the cursor hovers over a tag tree node that represents a graph node .

Sample 418:
Reference: updates the window title of the current window if the view whose name changed equals the view displayed in the current window .
Candidate: updates the window when a view is not useful for a new tab .

Sample 419:
Reference: maps the firebird action name to the equivalent jdbc action .
Candidate: maps the given action to a map of <UNK> .

Sample 420:
Reference: creates an sprite with an sprite frame .
Candidate: creates an sprite with a cgimageref .

Sample 421:
Reference: this method actually performs the desired work on tasks .
Candidate: execute an execution in progress and return a new instance .

Sample 422:
Reference: encode the prefix for the entire buffer .
Candidate: encode the prefix for the entire buffer .

Sample 423:
Reference: stop the chat service .
Candidate: stops the chat service .

Sample 424:
Reference: indicates whether this key is valid .
Candidate: indicates whether this lock is valid .

Sample 425:
Reference: returns the trivial zero function or a simple heuristic which is based on straight line distance computation .
Candidate: factory method responsible for creating a new function .

Sample 426:
Reference: create an ompoint object corresponding to a vpf node feature
Candidate: create a new portal and the it .

Sample 427:
Reference: register the specific types this poller is polling for
Candidate: register this listener of namedbeans to be updated .

Sample 428:
Reference: turn an array of resource colors contains resource id integers into an array list of actual color integers
Candidate: turn an array of resource colors contains resource id integers into an array list of actual color integers

Sample 429:
Reference: mark the current refresh as complete .
Candidate: mark the current refresh as complete .

Sample 430:
Reference: converts a string representation of an type into its numeric value .
Candidate: converts a double value to an integer value

Sample 431:
Reference: returns the string identifying the given curesourcetype
Candidate: returns the string identifying the given curesourcetype

Sample 432:
Reference: build short out of bytes in little endian order .
Candidate: build short out of bytes written to the caller .

Sample 433:
Reference: this method is used to notify of a comment
Candidate: this method is used to notify of a comment of

Sample 434:
Reference: visits a jump instruction .
Candidate: visits a jump instruction .

Sample 435:
Reference: prepares next row information .
Candidate: get the next row reference when set is counted .

Sample 436:
Reference: gets the value of the ssse property .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is <UNK> to be destroyed using the <UNK> .

Sample 437:
Reference: alerts user of download failure .
Candidate: resumes alerts for download download file using a google wall .

Sample 438:
Reference: get the schema if it exists or null if not .
Candidate: get the schema if it exists or null if not .

Sample 439:
Reference: indicates whether this reader is closed .
Candidate: indicates whether this reader is closed .

Sample 440:
Reference: returns whether it has the blocked on updates .
Candidate: returns whether it has the <UNK> for this album .

Sample 441:
Reference: closes the logfile after writing
Candidate: forces the observer that will be called in the main item .

Sample 442:
Reference: query socket timeout for the specified socket
Candidate: retrieve the timeout value for the specified request .

Sample 443:
Reference: draws the boundary of the plot rectangle .
Candidate: draw the given line and y coordinates to the area .

Sample 444:
Reference: subtracts two values throwing an exception if overflow occurs .
Candidate: compute the sum of two integers .

Sample 445:
Reference: create a transport network from already loaded gtfs feeds
Candidate: converts an <UNK> method to a matsim network file

Sample 446:
Reference: remove a formula from the cache
Candidate: remove a formula from the cache

Sample 447:
Reference: visit an optional relation definition .
Candidate: visit a optional relation definition for the given type managed object .

Sample 448:
Reference: check that the subsets for each region have been generated
Candidate: check that the <UNK> is not enough to be the same power .

Sample 449:
Reference: signal to the scanner to start cdata content mode .
Candidate: signal to the scanner to start cdata content mode .

Sample 450:
Reference: adds a new trigger .
Candidate: adds a new sensortrigger to the database .

Sample 451:
Reference: removes the exiftag for a tag constant from that tag s default ifd .
Candidate: removes the exiftag for a tag constant from that tag s default ifd .

Sample 452:
Reference: bin this vector to corresponding buckets .
Candidate: hash bin a b in s stages to b buckets .

Sample 453:
Reference: posts an error for the given request .
Candidate: posts an error for the given request .

Sample 454:
Reference: get non null value resulting from comparison to explicit null .
Candidate: get the instance representing a value with the null check against null .

Sample 455:
Reference: filter a skipped entity event .
Candidate: filter a skipped entity event .

Sample 456:
Reference: returns the rating that an airing must match to be included in this favorite .
Candidate: returns the parental rating name for this favorite .

Sample 457:
Reference: invoked when an offset value timing specifier is parsed .
Candidate: invoked when an offset chunk timing specifier is parsed .

Sample 458:
Reference: clear all fields and set default values in check boxes
Candidate: clear all fields and set default values in check boxes

Sample 459:
Reference: based on container name check if it has the given role in the cluster
Candidate: based on container name check if it has the given role name

Sample 460:
Reference: load from the consturctor s registered filename erasing the current store .
Candidate: load the current store if any value has changed since the last load .

Sample 461:
Reference: initializes the node for this map .
Candidate: creates a child node for each variable . doing join a

Sample 462:
Reference: add line to target record time and reset flush flag
Candidate: add a line to <UNK> if there are in a line and time since last time

Sample 463:
Reference: increment the components of this vector by the given values .
Candidate: add the supplied components to this vector by the given function .

Sample 464:
Reference: called on fatal error the scanner crashed and no processing are expected passed this event .
Candidate: tells this method that tells the fatal error .

Sample 465:
Reference: add the specified group to this group list .
Candidate: add this group to a group group of the group <UNK> .

Sample 466:
Reference: stops all existing streams in a syncronous manner .
Candidate: stops all existing streams in a synchronous manner .

Sample 467:
Reference: start the progress with interpolated mode with target value
Candidate: start the <UNK> for nfc mode

Sample 468:
Reference: inhibits enables logging of forced disconnect messages .
Candidate: helper method to find test logging logging to terminate .

Sample 469:
Reference: registers a plugin for an optional method with arguments .
Candidate: registers a mapping for a method with arguments .

Sample 470:
Reference: called when the presenter is stop i . e when an activity or a fragment finishes
Candidate: stops any execution processing .

Sample 471:
Reference: check if there is a certain function in current file
Candidate: do function if it has a function

Sample 472:
Reference: called when a new row has been added to the model
Candidate: called when the user has been added to the model .

Sample 473:
Reference: returns the number of nodes in the selection snapshot .
Candidate: returns the number of items in the graph and which count them .

Sample 474:
Reference: selects an import from a list of choices .
Candidate: a function that matches a list of type in the . .

Sample 475:
Reference: removes the tag with a given tid and ifd .
Candidate: removes the tag with a given tid and ifd .

Sample 476:
Reference: create a non unique index .
Candidate: create a non unique index .

Sample 477:
Reference: if the current tool overrides camera zoom pan controls
Candidate: returns true if the camera is enabled for rendering .

Sample 478:
Reference: notifies that a header item is inserted .
Candidate: notifies that a header item is inserted .

Sample 479:
Reference: sent when the geometry for example the bounds of the figure has changed .
Candidate: called when the figure was changed to be removed from a figure .

Sample 480:
Reference: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .
Candidate: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .

Sample 481:
Reference: emit the code to poke an int contained in reg onto the expression stack on position idx .
Candidate: emit the code to poke an int value contained in reg onto the expression stack

Sample 482:
Reference: releases standard error .
Candidate: releases the error in a writer .

Sample 483:
Reference: callback when a cache object is modified .
Candidate: callback when a cache is modified .

Sample 484:
Reference: marshals a property s value to a string .
Candidate: marshals a property s value to a string .

Sample 485:
Reference: builds a message string by from a pattern and its arguments .
Candidate: builds a message string by from a pattern and its arguments .

Sample 486:
Reference: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .
Candidate: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .

Sample 487:
Reference: the method within which the visitor will perform operations upon the graph model
Candidate: increment the current node s internal bounds

Sample 488:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 489:
Reference: callback indicating when gatt client has connected disconnected to from a remote gatt server .
Candidate: callback indicating when gatt client has a connected state to be read or gatt read .

Sample 490:
Reference: applies the constraint to the passed in particle .
Candidate: applies the constraint to the passed in particle .

Sample 491:
Reference: inserts a criterium into a criterium tree .
Candidate: appends a comment into a criterium tree that represents a given criterium .

Sample 492:
Reference: determine if this database supports invoking user defined or vendor functions using the stored procedure escape syntax .
Candidate: determine if this database supports invoking user defined or vendor functions using the stored procedure escape syntax .

Sample 493:
Reference: macro for spannearquery containing three spanterm queries
Candidate: macro for spannearquery containing two spanterm queries

Sample 494:
Reference: used internally for adding view .
Candidate: used internally for adding view .

Sample 495:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 496:
Reference: locates a given resource node given a path .
Candidate: try to find the node with the provided relative id and return relative .

Sample 497:
Reference: cast result object to a string .
Candidate: cast result object to a string .

Sample 498:
Reference: add the prov prefix to a query .
Candidate: add prefix to a query .

Sample 499:
Reference: parse the media and local art asynchronously .
Candidate: parse the media and local art asynchronously .

Sample 500:
Reference: notifies that an entry was successfully read .
Candidate: called if the read record should be read from the database .

Sample 501:
Reference: adjusts the x coordinate from the preview s coordinate system to the view coordinate system .
Candidate: adjusts the x coordinate from the preview s coordinate system to the view coordinate system .

Sample 502:
Reference: create a visualization object for the given agent .
Candidate: create a visualization object for the given agent .

Sample 503:
Reference: sends fatal alert breaks execution
Candidate: sends fatal alert breaks execution

Sample 504:
Reference: converts an item into the row representation .
Candidate: convert an item into the collection .

Sample 505:
Reference: adds the range between min max as possible alpha values for this range .
Candidate: adds the range between min max range .

Sample 506:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 507:
Reference: converter message represented by array of bytes to object .
Candidate: converts an object to a byte array .

Sample 508:
Reference: get the day of year property .
Candidate: get the day of year property which provides access to advanced functionality .

Sample 509:
Reference: subclasses must implement this to receive messages .
Candidate: hook method to implement you to handle when your own message .

Sample 510:
Reference: indicates whether the current thread has a monitor lock on the specified object .
Candidate: indicates whether the current thread has a monitor lock on the specified object .

Sample 511:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 512:
Reference: check that a namespace is valid wikibase entity namespace .
Candidate: check if a namespace is included in the namespace .

Sample 513:
Reference: get index of this column name
Candidate: gets the index column index for a column name

Sample 514:
Reference: check the given string to see if it s null or empty string
Candidate: check if the string is empty

Sample 515:
Reference: replace the des key to be serialized .
Candidate: replace the pbe key to be serialized .

Sample 516:
Reference: if you want to show full badge text or show
Candidate: sets the <UNK> to show the <UNK> text to show the the title .

Sample 517:
Reference: returns true if the member at the given address is active .
Candidate: checks if the given address is active or not .

Sample 518:
Reference: check wether the import was succesfull
Candidate: returns whether the ldif dump should be emitted or not .

Sample 519:
Reference: this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not
Candidate: this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not

Sample 520:
Reference: this method removes the business transaction configuration .
Candidate: removes the provided connection from this provider .

Sample 521:
Reference: gets the associated promise that should be completed when the connection finally closes .
Candidate: closes the promise to be called instead of the <UNK> and .

Sample 522:
Reference: saves the current view as a web archive .
Candidate: saves the current view as a web archive .

Sample 523:
Reference: determines whether this property has been modified since it was constructed .
Candidate: determines whether this managed object has been modified since it was constructed .

Sample 524:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 525:
Reference: indicates if the set method can be called without an exception being thrown for the given type .
Candidate: indicates if the set method can be called without an exception being thrown for the given type .

Sample 526:
Reference: check the word is favorite or not
Candidate: checks if the given word is marked as <UNK> .

Sample 527:
Reference: the indexed name of the field .
Candidate: get the name of the index affected by this event .

Sample 528:
Reference: continue in the simulation run
Candidate: called when the user is attempted to the <UNK> .

Sample 529:
Reference: dispatch date change events to a listener if set
Candidate: set the currently active date of a cell in the popup menu .

Sample 530:
Reference: called when repeat download task is finished .
Candidate: called after normal server finish transfer . s and octet s .

Sample 531:
Reference: save a crashinfo instance to a parcel .
Candidate: implement the parcelable instance to be an instance .

Sample 532:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 533:
Reference: derives a public key from a private key .
Candidate: find an <UNK> key from the given key .

Sample 534:
Reference: tells whether or not this lock overlaps the given lock range .
Candidate: tells whether or not this lock overlaps the given lock range .

Sample 535:
Reference: parses a single unit value .
Candidate: parses a single unit value .

Sample 536:
Reference: returns true if the queried grantor replied with the current lease info for the named lock .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> to be moved from the <UNK> .

Sample 537:
Reference: start the worker thread .
Candidate: start the current thread that is start to the thread .

Sample 538:
Reference: sets the padding mechanism of this cipher .
Candidate: sets the padding mechanism of this cipher .

Sample 539:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 540:
Reference: returns the other point in the farthest pair of points .
Candidate: returns the other point in the closest pair of points .

Sample 541:
Reference: when mapview load error to callback
Candidate: called when the evictionpolicy load data has been loaded .

Sample 542:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 543:
Reference: helper method to identify the right resultset column for the give out parameter name .
Candidate: find the <UNK> of the given sql alias overriding any <UNK> .

Sample 544:
Reference: disable retransmission alerts and cancel associated timers .
Candidate: disable retransmission alerts for this item .

Sample 545:
Reference: writes the low order bits of the given integer value the high order bits are ignored .
Candidate: writes a single character .

Sample 546:
Reference: open search view .
Candidate: open search view .

Sample 547:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 548:
Reference: returns whether this node if it is an element has any attributes .
Candidate: returns whether this node if it is an element has any attributes .

Sample 549:
Reference: reset the count in increment mode
Candidate: reset the count in increment mode

Sample 550:
Reference: perform actions when node selected in project explorer .
Candidate: perform actions when node selected in project explorer .

Sample 551:
Reference: performs some actions when user click on button .
Candidate: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the button panel .

Sample 552:
Reference: updates the bluetooth status
Candidate: updates the status bar info value

Sample 553:
Reference: place holder for abstract method iswrapperfor java . lang . class in java . sql . wrapper required by jdk .
Candidate: place holder for abstract method iswrapperfor java . lang . class in java . sql .

Sample 554:
Reference: you have invited s group to the alliance .
Candidate: you cannot group worldname offline to the alliance .

Sample 555:
Reference: removes previously created prepare future from atomic reference .
Candidate: clear the listener for the given runnable if you want to be processed .

Sample 556:
Reference: ensure that the given paths exist in the given igfs .
Candidate: check that the given paths exist in the given igfss .

Sample 557:
Reference: a notification that the omgraphics on the list should be copied duplicated and returned and deselected .
Candidate: creates a copy of omgraphics on this list .

Sample 558:
Reference: returns true if the specified character is a valid name character as defined by production in the xml . specification .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is a valid name character as defined by production in the xml . specification .

Sample 559:
Reference: add a set of extended data to the intent .
Candidate: copy all extras in src to to this intent .

Sample 560:
Reference: checks if the given object is a dolphin bean that is synced with the client
Candidate: checks whether the role lies managed by an external relation of twitch role .

Sample 561:
Reference: gets the names of the different transcode formats
Candidate: returns the <UNK> of the sagetv server that is to be used .

Sample 562:
Reference: utility method to return the maximum of two long values either of which may be null .
Candidate: return the most return score out of the longs either null or may be null .

Sample 563:
Reference: search files cache folder and memory cache
Candidate: copies the application to the to to the desktop .

Sample 564:
Reference: clear the state used for executing triggers but leave the finished set to indicate the window is closed .
Candidate: explicitly remove a particular state from the window corresponding to the specified state .

Sample 565:
Reference: close the single hibernate session instance .
Candidate: closes the single hibernate session instance .

Sample 566:
Reference: add a new folder to the given parent folder
Candidate: add a new folder to the given parent folder

Sample 567:
Reference: attaches the slidingmenu to an entire activity
Candidate: attaches the slidingmenu to an entire activity

Sample 568:
Reference: execute the function .
Candidate: execute the function .

Sample 569:
Reference: cria key exclusiva para chat
Candidate: creates a chat with several given email .

Sample 570:
Reference: destroy this instance making it unusable .
Candidate: clean up the <UNK> mode for the jvm .

Sample 571:
Reference: modifies the element after the focus position if possible .
Candidate: removes the element of the focus if it has one .

Sample 572:
Reference: initializes an extensionprofile based upon the extensions expected by a codesearchentry .
Candidate: declares the extensions used by the xml parser and only namespaces to be the .

Sample 573:
Reference: sanitizes each of its inputs argv and writes them to stdout with a line break after each one .
Candidate: performs the test on to the specified number of line arguments .

Sample 574:
Reference: indicates that a model has been destroyed for a node .
Candidate: indicates that a model has been destroyed for a node .

Sample 575:
Reference: decodes data from web safe base notation .
Candidate: decodes data from web safe base notation .

Sample 576:
Reference: marking the import to be in an unsual place not in header section
Candidate: does the register a import import to the <UNK> of this agent .

Sample 577:
Reference: writes out a start tag appropriately indented .
Candidate: writes out a start tag appropriately indented .

Sample 578:
Reference: sum the perimeter of all white leaves in the two specified quadrants of the sub quad tree rooted at this node .
Candidate: return the sum of the individual units and returns the sum of the .

Sample 579:
Reference: generate random number of size n .
Candidate: generate random number of size n .

Sample 580:
Reference: find the config item by name full match
Candidate: find the config item by name

Sample 581:
Reference: returns true if the tree is editable .
Candidate: indica si el campo es editable .

Sample 582:
Reference: removes the strategy from the weighting strategies collection .
Candidate: removes the strategy from this manager for use features .

Sample 583:
Reference: cast result object to a boolean but allow side effects such as the incrementing of an iterator .
Candidate: cast result object to a boolean but allow side effects such as the incrementing of an iterator .

Sample 584:
Reference: save the encrypted samplesetid in a cookie in the http response .
Candidate: saves the <UNK> rule to register and by id .

Sample 585:
Reference: suitable unique key for this node .
Candidate: suitable unique key for this node .

Sample 586:
Reference: creates an instance of the associated element type .
Candidate: creates an instance of the associated element type .

Sample 587:
Reference: subtracts a real number from this complex number .
Candidate: subtracts another real number from this vector .

Sample 588:
Reference: check if refresh of capability is authorized
Candidate: determines if the <UNK> is already expired and keep the last timestamp time .

Sample 589:
Reference: triggers imagehosttohostcopyservice for the image data stores passed as a parameter .
Candidate: callback to add the host to to the host .

Sample 590:
Reference: put bitmap to image cache
Candidate: put bitmap to image cache

Sample 591:
Reference: indicates whether the user has indicated that they would like to perform a remote operation based on the arguments .
Candidate: tests whether the connection arguments arguments arguments or not .

Sample 592:
Reference: returns whether it has the value .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 593:
Reference: remove spinner from view
Candidate: remove the an prefixed with the view .

Sample 594:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 595:
Reference: zip encrypt one infile to one outzipfile using password .
Candidate: reads a directory from an existing file to one one of <UNK> files using password .

Sample 596:
Reference: hides the sliding panel entirely .
Candidate: hides the sliding panel entirely .

Sample 597:
Reference: appends the pad character to the builder the specified number of times .
Candidate: appends the pad character to the builder the specified number of times .

Sample 598:
Reference: determines if a location is known to this file manager .
Candidate: determines if a location is known to this file manager .

Sample 599:
Reference: this takes a value from a column and creates a variable number of rows .
Candidate: this takes an object where the index is in the index .

Sample 600:
Reference: invoke state event used for event sourced states
Candidate: invoke an event after the first time event is inserted into a single .

Sample 601:
Reference: receives the request line and all headers available from this connection .
Candidate: receives the request line and all headers available from this connection .

Sample 602:
Reference: tells if the gcm is registrered on server
Candidate: tell if this is is <UNK> or not .

Sample 603:
Reference: add the specified path parameter with the given value .
Candidate: add the specified query parameter from a map with the given value .

Sample 604:
Reference: notified when the find in page toolbar has been hidden .
Candidate: notified when the find in page toolbar has been hidden .

Sample 605:
Reference: append a double value .
Candidate: append a double value .

Sample 606:
Reference: allocate an elastic buffer with initially no size .
Candidate: allocate an elastic buffer with initially no size .

Sample 607:
Reference: constructs a builder initialized with the current message .
Candidate: constructs a builder initialized with the current message .

Sample 608:
Reference: for backward compatibility with hessianskeleton
Candidate: skip a <UNK> with bom in <UNK>

Sample 609:
Reference: a new method that interrupts the worker thread .
Candidate: interrupts the worker and requests the future to make the next opportunity next next .

Sample 610:
Reference: checks to see if any two of the three characters are the same .
Candidate: checks to see if any two of the three characters are the same .

Sample 611:
Reference: expand a path in the tree .
Candidate: expand all groups for specified tree .

Sample 612:
Reference: decrement the counter by one .
Candidate: increment the counter by one .

Sample 613:
Reference: generates the instruction to push a local variable on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to push a local variable on the stack .

Sample 614:
Reference: queries if the write lock is held by any thread .
Candidate: queries if the write lock is held by any thread .

Sample 615:
Reference: returns the session timeout .
Candidate: returns the client session timeout .

Sample 616:
Reference: returns whether or not a character is a whitespace character either a space or tab t .
Candidate: returns whether or not the character is a whitespace character either a space or tab character .

Sample 617:
Reference: execute after the transaction fails
Candidate: execute after the transaction fails

Sample 618:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 619:
Reference: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid .
Candidate: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid .

Sample 620:
Reference: adds an encrypted message to the queue .
Candidate: pushes the message message to the output stream .

Sample 621:
Reference: remove category by id .
Candidate: remove content by id .

Sample 622:
Reference: initialise a blowfish cipher .
Candidate: initialise a long cipher .

Sample 623:
Reference: visits the header of the class .
Candidate: visits the header of the class .

Sample 624:
Reference: create a new masterprivatekey using the platform provided securerandom generator
Candidate: creates a new key pair from the source and use to create the new key .

Sample 625:
Reference: create a new instance of absamplefragment .
Candidate: factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided settings .

Sample 626:
Reference: creates a new object .
Candidate: create a new instance of a class call on the the given arguments .

Sample 627:
Reference: increments the current count of this recurrence and updates the record .
Candidate: increments the current count of this recurrence and updates the record .

Sample 628:
Reference: prints the given boolean to the streams .
Candidate: prints the given boolean to the streams .

Sample 629:
Reference: returns true if fine log messages are enabled .
Candidate: returns true if fine log messages are enabled .

Sample 630:
Reference: called when the animation is cancelled by the user before it has reached its target .
Candidate: cancel modal events for now .

Sample 631:
Reference: parse the specified value into json .
Candidate: parse the specified value into json .

Sample 632:
Reference: draws rect for current value
Candidate: draws rect for current value

Sample 633:
Reference: background color for processes panel .
Candidate: returns the css color of the tree that should be used as the tree .

Sample 634:
Reference: show all known group items
Candidate: shows all group groups in the <UNK> group .

Sample 635:
Reference: link an existing parse user to facebook with the requested publish permissions .
Candidate: link an existing parse user to facebook with the requested publish permissions .

Sample 636:
Reference: check if there is a volume with the given name if found return the volume
Candidate: return if if there is a volume to the given name if found return the snapshot .

Sample 637:
Reference: advances clock by one millisecond .
Candidate: move the existing entries . this probe .

Sample 638:
Reference: this method will be called when the decoder is no longer required .
Candidate: decrease the reference counter and recycle the underlying bitmap if there are no more references .

Sample 639:
Reference: option to cancel any current listeners
Candidate: aborts a drag in this application .

Sample 640:
Reference: only select models that are not yet deployed
Candidate: only cluster models for the provided property .

Sample 641:
Reference: visits a try catch block .
Candidate: visits a try catch block .

Sample 642:
Reference: returns the singleton instance for each adapter type
Candidate: create a <UNK> for for the <UNK> type and resolving the <UNK> .

Sample 643:
Reference: converts the passed dto to a role .
Candidate: converts the passed dto to a role .

Sample 644:
Reference: create an instance of valueelement
Candidate: create an instance of valueelement

Sample 645:
Reference: return true if a critical extension is found that is not supported otherwise return false .
Candidate: return true if a critical extension is found found that is not supported otherwise return false .

Sample 646:
Reference: starts the first sample timer
Candidate: starts the first sample timer

Sample 647:
Reference: invoked after all handler methods have been detected .
Candidate: called by the <UNK> method is to be merged before the same methods .

Sample 648:
Reference: gets the source data for the focus node .
Candidate: executes this method for unregistering a focus on the backstack to be the focus .

Sample 649:
Reference: returns the data at the first element of the queue or null if the queue is empty and block is false .
Candidate: the the queue for the queue or null when the queue is empty or null .

Sample 650:
Reference: retains only those entries in the map for which the procedure returns a true value .
Candidate: retains only those entries in the map for which the procedure returns a true value .

Sample 651:
Reference: clears out any references to elements or items created by this factory so far .
Candidate: resets this command line to the next sample page .

Sample 652:
Reference: given the passed faceletcontext apply our child facelethandlers to the passed parent
Candidate: includes a file from referenced by <UNK>

Sample 653:
Reference: handles an ldap abandon request message .
Candidate: handles the ldap identity request message with a new message .

Sample 654:
Reference: returns the captured type .
Candidate: returns the captured type .

Sample 655:
Reference: return the element on the top of the stack .
Candidate: not but does not remove the head of this queue .

Sample 656:
Reference: skillcaster transformed you into a n by using skillname .
Candidate: skillcaster has transformed your enmity by using skillname .

Sample 657:
Reference: release all cached assets .
Candidate: clear all cached applications .

Sample 658:
Reference: increments the number of duplicate batches received by .
Candidate: increments the number of bits per stat by .

Sample 659:
Reference: returns whether the widget has enabled scrolling on the refreshable view while refreshing .
Candidate: returns whether the widget has enabled scrolling on the refreshable view while refreshing .

Sample 660:
Reference: show the system ui .
Candidate: show the system ui .

Sample 661:
Reference: finds the first available attached javadoc in the hierarchy of the given method .
Candidate: find the <UNK> instance for a call in hierarchy .

Sample 662:
Reference: constructs a entermonitorstmt immediate grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a entermonitorstmt immediate grammar chunk .

Sample 663:
Reference: returns a list of values containing in this cache .
Candidate: returns an unmodifiable collection of values .

Sample 664:
Reference: callback method called after opencv library initialization .
Candidate: callback method called after opencv library initialization .

Sample 665:
Reference: creates a new foo with the primary key .
Candidate: creates a new foo with the primary key .

Sample 666:
Reference: marks platform ident dirty if the one with given id is known to the cache .
Candidate: marks this chunk as a <UNK> to the peers of the volumeingestioncontext s .

Sample 667:
Reference: safely checks to see if the provided node participates in the partitionedregion return true if the node participates in the partitionedregion
Candidate: test hook returns true if vector of hold of this member and hold the member id .

Sample 668:
Reference: destroys a single sign on token .
Candidate: destroys a single sign on token .

Sample 669:
Reference: called to allow the message to proceed to the next implementation method .
Candidate: called to allow the method to proceed to the next implementation method .

Sample 670:
Reference: the simple filling mode one tuple per storage record .
Candidate: fills the tuple s tuple and converting to a tuple to the first tuple .

Sample 671:
Reference: this function is used to disable the signin button to avoid multiple network calls .
Candidate: disables the background color for the ui .

Sample 672:
Reference: returns the root ancestor of this node .
Candidate: returns the root ancestor of this node .

Sample 673:
Reference: adds new member to already present in persistent level account
Candidate: adds a member to this member .

Sample 674:
Reference: the method is called when all identities in the repository are changed .
Candidate: this method is called when all identities in the database a be modified .

Sample 675:
Reference: returns the current revision version held by the handler .
Candidate: get the version of the info in openam info .

Sample 676:
Reference: whether the tab is enabled .
Candidate: indicates whether an uma provider is currently configured .

Sample 677:
Reference: todo ieugen this might be better placed inside resourceregistry . getentry resourcename
Candidate: checks the provided resource for a specific resource name .

Sample 678:
Reference: applies this function to the given argument .
Candidate: applies this function to the given argument .

Sample 679:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 680:
Reference: this is called when an entry is retrieved from the database .
Candidate: method for the use this method to be run in the database .

Sample 681:
Reference: tests if a component has been marked at some point during the processing involving this graph .
Candidate: tests whether this edge is marked .

Sample 682:
Reference: builds a new instance of the
Candidate: build a mutable map of the of the map .

Sample 683:
Reference: execute the code block without trapping checked exceptions .
Candidate: execute the code block without trapping checked exceptions .

Sample 684:
Reference: create the settings object
Candidate: creates a new instance of the billing type .

Sample 685:
Reference: make this text component italicized
Candidate: make this text component map

Sample 686:
Reference: specifies that the scene controller is beginning its pick traversal .
Candidate: enables the global mode if the surface is enabled .

Sample 687:
Reference: test if a character is alpha a z a z .
Candidate: test if a character is alpha alpha a z a z .

Sample 688:
Reference: onresize function is calling every time picmap is resized .
Candidate: invoked when the outer browser is to .

Sample 689:
Reference: create an instance of activationpintype
Candidate: create an instance of wtlstype

Sample 690:
Reference: invalidate filtrate s current state and set all preferences to its default value .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> s to to the initial <UNK> .

Sample 691:
Reference: save a batteryinfo instance to a parcel .
Candidate: implement the parcelable interface .

Sample 692:
Reference: run the algorithm trying to find the best scaling value for everything to fit into the current view with the current zoom level .
Candidate: notify the receiver that to be done to the current view .

Sample 693:
Reference: delete dashboard with specified id .
Candidate: deletes user with specified id .

Sample 694:
Reference: convenience method for testing the validity of an image .
Candidate: checks if the image image is valid to the specified height .

Sample 695:
Reference: tells whether the given arc identifies a readable scalar object in this entry .
Candidate: returns true if arc identifies a readable scalar object .

Sample 696:
Reference: java object xml without encoding .
Candidate: java object xml with encoding .

Sample 697:
Reference: matches a byte .
Candidate: matches a byte .

Sample 698:
Reference: sets the focus before the first element .
Candidate: draws one one of by its visual state to this graph .

Sample 699:
Reference: promotion item test you have acquired .
Candidate: you cannot have the daily time sell extract .

Sample 700:
Reference: obtain a display of the script outputs .
Candidate: display the outputs with the concatenated output file

Sample 701:
Reference: the main method which is called by the uninstall command lines .
Candidate: launches the current line utility for the launcher .

Sample 702:
Reference: pushes the specified value onto the stack .
Candidate: appends a new value to the end of the stack .

Sample 703:
Reference: selection from the editor .
Candidate: called when the selected item is selected

Sample 704:
Reference: generates a magnet uri using the current information in the torrent .
Candidate: get the uri uri used to encode a string of the <UNK> . .

Sample 705:
Reference: starts fading up to the specified layer .
Candidate: dissmiss the layer layer layers relative to the layer .

Sample 706:
Reference: updates the min max corner points of the box .
Candidate: sets the the request so the the centroid is needed .

Sample 707:
Reference: selects none of the sensor nodes .
Candidate: moves the selected to the caret position .

Sample 708:
Reference: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .
Candidate: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .

Sample 709:
Reference: gets the wrapped xml element .
Candidate: returns the empty element element .

Sample 710:
Reference: override to report time usage in other ways
Candidate: wraps the given time and stops

Sample 711:
Reference: create an instance of signedinfotype
Candidate: create an instance of signedinfotype

Sample 712:
Reference: checks whether it is already connected to a ds with same id .
Candidate: determines if a ds was connect to this domain server the domain of the remote server was received from a remote server .

Sample 713:
Reference: copies a set of attributes .
Candidate: copies a set of attributes .

Sample 714:
Reference: get the true size taken by all snapshots across all keyspaces .
Candidate: get the true size taken across all snapshots across all keyspaces .

Sample 715:
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .

Sample 716:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 717:
Reference: gets the cancellation state of this event .
Candidate: gets the cancellation state of this event .

Sample 718:
Reference: add entry to transaction pending ack table .
Candidate: add entry to transaction pending ack table .

Sample 719:
Reference: called when the user chooses to add an account to their device .
Candidate: called when the user chooses to add an account to their account .

Sample 720:
Reference: returns a string that displays and identifies this object s properties .
Candidate: returns a string that displays and identifies this object s properties .

Sample 721:
Reference: indicates whether or not this viewport is empty .
Candidate: true if the map is empty .

Sample 722:
Reference: remove the first occurrence of the element e from this list .
Candidate: remove the first occurence of the element e from this list .

Sample 723:
Reference: called for all groupindexes and all table indexes where getselected table is not null
Candidate: check whether if record is associated with the current index .

Sample 724:
Reference: flush the backing store if any to disk and execute the specified handler on the io thread when done .
Candidate: flush the given handler to a new <UNK> if it is sent to the server .

Sample 725:
Reference: clears an exception breakpoint .
Candidate: removes the indication of all breakpoints that may continue to the specified target .

Sample 726:
Reference: method called when an asynchronous delete operation is done
Candidate: called when an asynchronous delete is completed .

Sample 727:
Reference: create a hard link to a file .
Candidate: link an object to a given link .

Sample 728:
Reference: removes p net class from this list .
Candidate: removes a p instance with the p name from the list .

Sample 729:
Reference: adds with the provided request .
Candidate: add new request to the provided request .

Sample 730:
Reference: invoked after the name of the module changed .
Candidate: invoked after the name of the module changed .

Sample 731:
Reference: replace the value on the top of the stack with the given value .
Candidate: replace the value on the top of the stack with the given value .

Sample 732:
Reference: returns the selected checked pressed state of the action .
Candidate: returns the selected checked pressed state of the action .

Sample 733:
Reference: true if we are compiling a tag file in prototype mode .
Candidate: returns whether if the mode is a major amp mode .

Sample 734:
Reference: received when a new media is added .
Candidate: received when a new media is added .

Sample 735:
Reference: invoke an operation on a set of mbeans .
Candidate: invoke the process value for a runtime property .

Sample 736:
Reference: check that the compiled block has var fields or arrays .
Candidate: returns whether the not this field is a collective field or not .

Sample 737:
Reference: construct new sorted by values concurrent map using given map and comparator .
Candidate: construct new sorted by values concurrent map using given map and natural order .

Sample 738:
Reference: adds a multi variable guess dependency .
Candidate: adds a multi variable guess dependency .

Sample 739:
Reference: prints the string representation of the specified character to the target .
Candidate: prints the string representation of the specified character to the target .

Sample 740:
Reference: create a new itable of the specified size .
Candidate: create a integer function that is specified seed value

Sample 741:
Reference: returns a new instance of query .
Candidate: creates the query to submit a query statement using the same channel id .

Sample 742:
Reference: returns a versiontag carrying this stamps information .
Candidate: this version should return the canonical version of this module .

Sample 743:
Reference: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .
Candidate: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .

Sample 744:
Reference: abort scroll if it is scrolling
Candidate: abort scroll if it is scrolling

Sample 745:
Reference: adds a variable to be projected .
Candidate: add projection variables to the projection .

Sample 746:
Reference: override to tell filling flow to continue to fill up as we have space .
Candidate: override to tell filling flow to continue to fill up as we have space .

Sample 747:
Reference: notify the listener when a change is made in the selection .
Candidate: notify this method is no longer needed .

Sample 748:
Reference: returns true if a signed integer in bits
Candidate: helper method to determine if the two value is equal to a positive integer value .

Sample 749:
Reference: tests if annotation type is present in key s annotations
Candidate: indicates whether if annotation is present in the annotation type .

Sample 750:
Reference: is currently rejecting group invitations .
Candidate: you have not the alliance to the alliance .

Sample 751:
Reference: prints a formatted string to standard output using the specified format string and arguments and then flushes standard output .
Candidate: prints a formatted string to standard output using the specified format and arguments and then flushes standard output .

Sample 752:
Reference: if a video is currently in playback then the playback will be stopped
Candidate: if a video is currently in playback and the playback will be paused

Sample 753:
Reference: returns true if complete .
Candidate: returns true if complete .

Sample 754:
Reference: returns the greatest key in this sorted map .
Candidate: returns the last key in this sorted map .

Sample 755:
Reference: finish the source file for the generated implementation .
Candidate: finishes the source source to be flushed out of the <UNK> .

Sample 756:
Reference: starts the command line utility for launching the diagnostic tool .
Candidate: launches the command line utility for the

Sample 757:
Reference: transforms an element of a primitive data type to an object .
Candidate: transforms an element of a primitive data type to an object array .

Sample 758:
Reference: return true if the given string is null or only contains whitespaces .
Candidate: checks if the specified string is null or contains only whitespaces .

Sample 759:
Reference: extend the interval to include the value
Candidate: tries to return an object that return null if it s not found

Sample 760:
Reference: hook method to perform the actual can assign test
Candidate: hook method to perform the actual can assign test

Sample 761:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 762:
Reference: create an instance of dsturi
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 763:
Reference: re initializes the user application from the given data file and starts the game .
Candidate: starts the eclipse window with the given data .

Sample 764:
Reference: add a new backend with the provided name in the config . ldif file .
Candidate: creates an outgoing backend for the provided backend and saves the configuration information .

Sample 765:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 766:
Reference: retrieve the stepinstances from the database for a particular step .
Candidate: retrieve the stepinstances from the database .

Sample 767:
Reference: determines whether the technical product with the given index should be published on the given marketplace .
Candidate: check if the given key is is a valid for the given range index

Sample 768:
Reference: returns true if a file path is inside of a usb mass storage device .
Candidate: tell if os is a ia uri i .

Sample 769:
Reference: returns a sorted set containing the field names in this schema sorted by their natural ordering .
Candidate: called up all names of fields to be set to a new set .

Sample 770:
Reference: returns true if heuristics are currently in use for the number of features or false if the number has been specified .
Candidate: returns whether if the feature is bounded to use .

Sample 771:
Reference: the style keys of the content .
Candidate: clears the content keys and the the bitmap .

Sample 772:
Reference: peeks the next char without gobbling it .
Candidate: return true if this statement is a <UNK> number of <UNK> otherwise .

Sample 773:
Reference: after this call getwarnings returns null until a new warning is reported for this connection .
Candidate: clears any warnings of a users

Sample 774:
Reference: remove a property change listener from this component .
Candidate: remove a property change listener from this component .

Sample 775:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 776:
Reference: set the http . proxyport and https . proxyport properties to the given port number .
Candidate: set the http . . proxyport https . proxyport properties to the given port number .

Sample 777:
Reference: removes the listener from the service for the given listener id .
Candidate: unregisters the listener from the channel for the given listener id .

Sample 778:
Reference: called by the map pane when a new map context has been set
Candidate: called by the map pane when a new map context has been set

Sample 779:
Reference: this function will be called on top level elements only just before the transform begins .
Candidate: this function will be called on top level elements only just before the transform begins .

Sample 780:
Reference: destroys the ghci instance and closes communications channels .
Candidate: closes the record reader resources the the given writer .

Sample 781:
Reference: return corresponding fqn for staticpolyfill prefixed with ! mpoly
Candidate: return a log name in a <UNK> list of string elements .

Sample 782:
Reference: creates a name from a sequence of lower underscore strings .
Candidate: creates a name name from a name from the jvm with the given name added to the underscore .

Sample 783:
Reference: name of topic to report metrics to
Candidate: sets the routing to the default topic .

Sample 784:
Reference: checks that the specified date is within the certificate s validity period or basically if the certificate would be valid at the specified date time .
Candidate: check that the passed date is within the validity of the certificate .

Sample 785:
Reference: stop load more reset footer view .
Candidate: stop load more reset footer view .

Sample 786:
Reference: read unsigned short value .
Candidate: reads an unsigned bit integer value the buffer at the current position .

Sample 787:
Reference: calculates the side lengths that child nodes of this node should have .
Candidate: calculates the side lengths that child nodes of this node should have .

Sample 788:
Reference: updates data to sign or to verify .
Candidate: updates data to sign or to verify .

Sample 789:
Reference: method not in use
Candidate: called after the episode has been retired use this to clean up any resources .

Sample 790:
Reference: converts the content of this buffer to an array of bytes .
Candidate: return a byte array containing the same contents as the byte array .

Sample 791:
Reference: returns whether it has the the country name .
Candidate: returns whether it has the the country name .

Sample 792:
Reference: emits tuple if it .
Candidate: called when the training data is detected to a test .

Sample 793:
Reference: return true if the xpoints and ypoints are not null and contain coordinates .
Candidate: this will check the credentials to make sure that the passed they are passed on this sector .

Sample 794:
Reference: called when a response is received .
Candidate: called when a response is received .

Sample 795:
Reference: write an array of int s .
Candidate: write an array of an array .

Sample 796:
Reference: restores the memory from a persisted state .
Candidate: restores the memory from to the persisted from the persistent storage .

Sample 797:
Reference: returns the pod node .
Candidate: retrieve cluster service node for this issue manager .

Sample 798:
Reference: removes all of the mappings from this map .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 799:
Reference: returns true if the given value is false off no or false otherwise .
Candidate: checks if the string is compatible with <UNK> <UNK>

Sample 800:
Reference: map type name to the new name .
Candidate: map type name to the new name .

Sample 801:
Reference: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .
Candidate: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .

Sample 802:
Reference: remove fifo xtn info for entry must be called when entry is locked
Candidate: remove a unused entry info for this entry .

Sample 803:
Reference: drops underlying database table using daos .
Candidate: drops underlying database table using daos .

Sample 804:
Reference: add a number of years to the date .
Candidate: add a number of years to the date .

Sample 805:
Reference: notify the action bar that the overflow menu has been closed .
Candidate: notify the action bar that the overflow menu has been closed .

Sample 806:
Reference: saves this task to a stream that is serializes it .
Candidate: saves this task to a stream that is serializes it .

Sample 807:
Reference: determine how much many bytes the entire message will take including space for header and trailer
Candidate: determine how much many bytes the entire message will take including space for header and trailer

Sample 808:
Reference: which generates the p and g values from the given parameters returning the dsaparameters object .
Candidate: which generates the p and g values from the given parameters returning the dsaparameters object .

Sample 809:
Reference: check to see if a resource type with the given name already exists in this realm .
Candidate: checks if the association is an association with the given name .

Sample 810:
Reference: returns whether the read half of the socket connection is closed .
Candidate: returns whether the read half of the socket connection is closed .

Sample 811:
Reference: get the data and etc .
Candidate: starts the service checker to see if messages are due for publishing see the isreadytopublish method .

Sample 812:
Reference: removes all entries from the vm s dns cache .
Candidate: removes all entries from the vm s dns cache .

Sample 813:
Reference: whether the command is already closed in which case it can be re used .
Candidate: whether the command is already closed in which case it can be re used .

Sample 814:
Reference: puts a property mask given the property index .
Candidate: sets the given integer value to the property value .

Sample 815:
Reference: log an openflow error message from a switch and disconnect the channel
Candidate: log an openflow error message from a switch and disconnect the channel

Sample 816:
Reference: add a repeat field .
Candidate: add a <UNK> field to the <UNK> field .

Sample 817:
Reference: execute the transactional flow catch only specified exceptions
Candidate: execute the prepared catch clause between the other data types

Sample 818:
Reference: makes a shallow copy of the stack portion of this frame .
Candidate: makes a shallow copy of the stack portion of this frame .

Sample 819:
Reference: computes the location on a great circle arc with the given starting location azimuth and arc distance .
Candidate: computes the <UNK> point representing the <UNK> coordinate of the given point rhumb azimuth and arc line along the line .

Sample 820:
Reference: retrieves the current attachment .
Candidate: retrieves the current object .

Sample 821:
Reference: create a prepared statement or re use an existing one .
Candidate: execute the prepared statement and return the original . if possible .

Sample 822:
Reference: appends lload or wide lload lt n gt
Candidate: appends lload or wide lload lt n gt

Sample 823:
Reference: unload the given unit .
Candidate: deletes the unit using the provided <UNK> object .

Sample 824:
Reference: returns true if this datatype is a subset of the argument .
Candidate: returns true if this object is a subset of its argument .

Sample 825:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 826:
Reference: create a new clientmessage with the specified body and send to the server
Candidate: create a new clientmessage with the specified body and send to the server

Sample 827:
Reference: called when response is available
Candidate: called whether the response is available or available .

Sample 828:
Reference: called when next track should be played .
Candidate: called when the user is mostly for to be .

Sample 829:
Reference: creates a thin adaper for an event object given an event type .
Candidate: the an event for the container in the given name .

Sample 830:
Reference: obtains the primary order of the specified collation element i . e .
Candidate: obtains the primary order of the specified collation element i . e .

Sample 831:
Reference: generates the documentation for this operator and writes it to the given writer .
Candidate: generates an doc by <UNK> to be performed after the <UNK> .

Sample 832:
Reference: this method validates an object to comply with the businesskey annotation rules .
Candidate: this method validates an object comply with the businesskey annotation <UNK> .

Sample 833:
Reference: returns whether the x geo header is allowed to be sent for the current url .
Candidate: convenience method to true if the default is is to the default menu url and is not visible .

Sample 834:
Reference: add a connection callback .
Candidate: add a connection callback .

Sample 835:
Reference: called for each response obtained from non master nodes
Candidate: called when a node is received .

Sample 836:
Reference: a convenience method for getting the opaque or fully transparent alpha values on systems that need it .
Candidate: expand the alpha hash value for the given input and is not defined in the mode .

Sample 837:
Reference: starts the capture indicator pop out animation .
Candidate: starts the thumbnail bar in the capture button .

Sample 838:
Reference: add the shared avatar to the bot s avatars .
Candidate: add the shared avatar to the bot s avatars .

Sample 839:
Reference: drops underlying database table using daos .
Candidate: drops underlying database table using daos .

Sample 840:
Reference: on mousereleased set startdrag to true in order to enable dragging .
Candidate: processes when a mouse button has been released on a display .

Sample 841:
Reference: this will traverse the heararchy calling the visitor for each member .
Candidate: this will traverse the heararchy calling the visitor for each member .

Sample 842:
Reference: true if sam records without an alignment start position should be excluded .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is to be excluded using <UNK> .

Sample 843:
Reference: checks to see if the representation invariant is being violated and if so throws runtimeexception
Candidate: check that the next email is about to be reused .

Sample 844:
Reference: returns sha hash of given byte array .
Candidate: returns sha sha hash of given data .

Sample 845:
Reference: decode base encoded string
Candidate: decodes a string string base base encoded string representation of characters

Sample 846:
Reference: forces the tween to use the tweenaccessor registered with the given target class .
Candidate: java interface to cast to another class to be assigned to the specified class .

Sample 847:
Reference: puts a single byte array into the buffer at the current position .
Candidate: put bytes of the current position into the buffer at the current position .

Sample 848:
Reference: determines whether given principal is not disabled .
Candidate: check if a user s active feature is active .

Sample 849:
Reference: convert emoji characters of the given spannable to the according emojicon .
Candidate: convert emoji characters of the given spannable to the according emojicon .

Sample 850:
Reference: perform actions when close window performed .
Candidate: reports that a web socket has been closed .

Sample 851:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 852:
Reference: queries whether this task is canceled .
Candidate: queries whether this task is canceled .

Sample 853:
Reference: create a connection from an ihttprequest .
Candidate: create a new request object from the http request .

Sample 854:
Reference: fest api bug work around double click on fest moves the mouse between clicks to the same location and that fails on mac .
Candidate: this method is executed when a separate child click is pressed .

Sample 855:
Reference: determine if the currently captured view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .
Candidate: determine if the currently captured view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .

Sample 856:
Reference: invoked when the gameinfo information changed
Candidate: called when the user has changed the <UNK> to .

Sample 857:
Reference: decrements mcurrentsongindex by one .
Candidate: decrement current one to the video player .

Sample 858:
Reference: validates if the value of property dns name is correct and adheres to the expected format
Candidate: validates the <UNK> names of a longer known in the specified collection .

Sample 859:
Reference: performs initialization of the contact constraints .
Candidate: performs initialization of the contact constraints .

Sample 860:
Reference: send new lsserverpacket to connection that is owner of this packet .
Candidate: send the specified connection to the server side of this packet .

Sample 861:
Reference: method called when a drag was ended .
Candidate: method called when a drag was clicked .

Sample 862:
Reference: searches for groups in this group using wildcards and attribute values .
Candidate: searches for groups in this group using wildcards and attribute values .

Sample 863:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 864:
Reference: execute the specific database upgrade task which is override in sub classes .
Candidate: executes the command .

Sample 865:
Reference: returns true of the threadgroup of thread is in the applet s own threadgroup .
Candidate: returns true if the applet is in the applet s thread group

Sample 866:
Reference: determine the offset at which a given interoparray entry begins within the specified ifd .
Candidate: calculate the offset of the plaintext entry with the same offset as far .

Sample 867:
Reference: gets whether the assertion should be signed .
Candidate: decides whether the user should signed signed should be signed .

Sample 868:
Reference: opens a random access stream .
Candidate: opens a random access stream .

Sample 869:
Reference: shows a toast in the activity with a short time
Candidate: show a toast with the passed message .

Sample 870:
Reference: create a new worldbuilder that does not log any seeds and that provides the singleplayer player information for each requested player .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> instance with the <UNK> map and make it to <UNK> dto .

Sample 871:
Reference: subscribe to a channel .
Candidate: subscribe a channel to a channel .

Sample 872:
Reference: called when a start tag is encountered .
Candidate: called when a start tag is encountered .

Sample 873:
Reference: get a cheap representation of an empty string .
Candidate: get a cheap representation of an empty string .

Sample 874:
Reference: accepts task and runs it
Candidate: called by the task task and return a .

Sample 875:
Reference: creates a new real attributes only request control having the provided criticality .
Candidate: creates a new permissive request request control having the provided criticality .

Sample 876:
Reference: contexts annotatedscriptelement returns exportdeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedscriptelement exportdeclaration wildcardexport ? ?
Candidate: contexts scriptelement returns exportdeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedscriptelement exportdeclaration ?

Sample 877:
Reference: you summoned by using skillname .
Candidate: you summoned to skillname by using skillname .

Sample 878:
Reference: returns true if the specified person is on extended censor .
Candidate: indicates if the specified person is supported by the user .

Sample 879:
Reference: clones the map without cloning the keys or values .
Candidate: create a new entry and add the results to fast query .

Sample 880:
Reference: returns true if this object is one that this class would use to keep track of any meta state in the specified text .
Candidate: returns true if meta meta is one to the sh meta state

Sample 881:
Reference: invoke contextual increment which respects neuron specific rules on selected objects .
Candidate: invoke a small over the selected neuron rules to a vertex .

Sample 882:
Reference: applies a specified vertical offset to a surface point .
Candidate: computes a vector perpendicular to see if the point is perpendicular to the a distance vector on the plane .

Sample 883:
Reference: starts animation the state of the view to the inverse of its current state .
Candidate: menu item was activated .

Sample 884:
Reference: translate packet to text
Candidate: translate packet to text

Sample 885:
Reference: load all the undo editsession s from disk for a world br usually already called when necessary
Candidate: loads the session s data from this world so that won t be read

Sample 886:
Reference: create a builder instance for this class to initialize the library
Candidate: returns a dynamic level message that is used to create a <UNK> .

Sample 887:
Reference: this method is called when the extension is unloaded .
Candidate: this method is called when the extension is unloaded .

Sample 888:
Reference: saves configuration data to the specified properties object .
Candidate: configuration configuration data properties the specified properties object .

Sample 889:
Reference: add an extension with the given oid and the passed in value to be included in the octet string associated with the extension .
Candidate: add an extension with the given oid and the passed in value to be included in the octet string associated with the extension .

Sample 890:
Reference: utility function to add debugging info .
Candidate: utility function to add debugging info .

Sample 891:
Reference: retrieve meta data for a component by component s description link .
Candidate: retrieve meta data for by a component description by component s link link .

Sample 892:
Reference: determine if vm is interrupted i . e present and not running .
Candidate: determine if a session is interrupted or not .

Sample 893:
Reference: executes a pre compiled query on a data store .
Candidate: execute the query the query is present on the first time .

Sample 894:
Reference: returns a new worker thread operating in the given pool .
Candidate: returns a new worker thread operating in the given pool .

Sample 895:
Reference: computes the quantile values of the given dataset .
Candidate: computes the quantile values of the given dataset .

Sample 896:
Reference: start the timer task .
Candidate: start the timer task .

Sample 897:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 898:
Reference: searches the supportedcountry for the given country code .
Candidate: returns the supportedcountry for the given country code .

Sample 899:
Reference: removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
Candidate: remove a propertychangelistener from the listener list .

Sample 900:
Reference: returns true if the permission exists in this sdk version
Candidate: returns true if the permission exists in this sdk version

Sample 901:
Reference: parses the given reader
Candidate: parses the given reader and writes them into into the end of

Sample 902:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 903:
Reference: reset the count in increment mode
Candidate: reset the count in increment mode

Sample 904:
Reference: returns an iterator over all the available charsets .
Candidate: returns an iterator over all the available charsets .

Sample 905:
Reference: returns true if the menu shift control key pressed is an extended key .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is is to key for the the key .

Sample 906:
Reference: performs some actions when user clicks on tab .
Candidate: performs some actions when user clicks on tab .

Sample 907:
Reference: the method that should be called from the activity s or fragment s onactivityresult method .
Candidate: callback method for this object when an activity finishes

Sample 908:
Reference: returns the state of the visibility flag .
Candidate: return whether the layer is visible .

Sample 909:
Reference: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .
Candidate: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .

Sample 910:
Reference: constructs a addexpr immediate immediate grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a addexpr immediate immediate grammar chunk .

Sample 911:
Reference: commits changes to a synapse group .
Candidate: commit the gui for the renderer to make a change on the domain bar .

Sample 912:
Reference: return a string discription of the class
Candidate: returns a string representation of the object

Sample 913:
Reference: create an instance of query for executing a native sql statement and map its result to an entity . br
Candidate: create an instance of type query for executing a native sql statement e .

Sample 914:
Reference: checks whether the status field has been set
Candidate: checks whether the status has been set

Sample 915:
Reference: create an instance of affiliatememberelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 916:
Reference: returns the current value of the attribute s declared flag .
Candidate: returns the current value of the attribute s declared flag .

Sample 917:
Reference: calculates the new capacity of the map .
Candidate: calculates the new capacity of the map .

Sample 918:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 919:
Reference: convenience method for writing the selected portion of this channel to the given destination stream .
Candidate: skips operation from channel range of the output stream .

Sample 920:
Reference: get an unsorted iterator to inspect the heap .
Candidate: get an unsorted iterator to inspect the heap .

Sample 921:
Reference: adds a new text label for the specified x axis value .
Candidate: adds a new text label for the specified x axis value .

Sample 922:
Reference: metodo para las busquedas de procedimientos desde el formulario de busqueda seleccion eliminacion
Candidate: metodo para las busquedas de procedimientos desde el formulario de busquedas <UNK>

Sample 923:
Reference: find the largest item in the tree .
Candidate: find the largest item with the

Sample 924:
Reference: called when the dependency changes .
Candidate: called when the dependency changes .

Sample 925:
Reference: provide default configuration for a context .
Candidate: initialize the properties defaults to be not the initial properties of the app .

Sample 926:
Reference: convenience method returning true if this class member is protected .
Candidate: test if a protected method is protected

Sample 927:
Reference: indicates whether this connection handler should allow interaction with ldapv clients .
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> is allowed to use the <UNK> room .

Sample 928:
Reference: a method that returns a string representation of a composition object
Candidate: a method that returns a string representation of a rational object

Sample 929:
Reference: convert a polygon object to a large geopolygon .
Candidate: create a <UNK> wrapping the provided polygon of the provided polygons .

Sample 930:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 931:
Reference: steady state called when a given subpopulation is entering the steady state .
Candidate: steady when we have filled the initial population and are entering the steady state .

Sample 932:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 933:
Reference: truncate appender file to size from storage server
Candidate: gets the string representation of the server .

Sample 934:
Reference: removes buffers from the pool until it is under its size limit .
Candidate: removes buffers from the pool until it is under its size limit .

Sample 935:
Reference: returns the manhtattan distance from this muabledouble d to the specified point
Candidate: returns the manhtattan distance from this double d to the specified point

Sample 936:
Reference: creates a new instance of the object contained by this stack .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the object contained by this stack .

Sample 937:
Reference: remove a path from the checked paths set
Candidate: removes a path from the checked path from the path

Sample 938:
Reference: creates a builder object for creating jsonvalue objects .
Candidate: parse the json object into json .

Sample 939:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 940:
Reference: remove a server from the load snapshot .
Candidate: remove a server from persistent from <UNK> and remove the from the the checkpoint .

Sample 941:
Reference: rank orientation of the figure .
Candidate: none the number of strings to be included in a new line .

Sample 942:
Reference: returns a new instance of helpandfeedback .
Candidate: returns a new instance of helpandfeedback .

Sample 943:
Reference: to hit number for the specified arm to brush off swarming infantry .
Candidate: generates the to hit data for this action .

Sample 944:
Reference: gets the value of the shapingoverrideallowed property .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is allowed for the <UNK> .

Sample 945:
Reference: upload image file without post params
Candidate: upload image file with post

Sample 946:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 947:
Reference: returns a new instance of the element .
Candidate: creates an element with a xml tag .

Sample 948:
Reference: private method to provide common variable initialisation
Candidate: performs any previously called once .

Sample 949:
Reference: start checking the status of the transactions in another thread .
Candidate: starts the current run status to make sure that the time is .

Sample 950:
Reference: for backwards compatibility also accept int
Candidate: for backwards compatibility also accept int

Sample 951:
Reference: query if we are using the layout editor turnout information in the signal mast logic .
Candidate: query if we are using the layout editor turnout information to the signal mast information .

Sample 952:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera driver if still in use .

Sample 953:
Reference: a text node may also have special child property nodes that represent complex property values that cannot be set via a simple attribute .
Candidate: a text may may have special child property nodes that represent complex property values that cannot be set via a simple attribute .

Sample 954:
Reference: compares a node with this node with regard to their position in the document .
Candidate: compares a node with this node with regard to their position in the document .

Sample 955:
Reference: scroll to the specified adapter position .
Candidate: scrolls to a specific progress object .

Sample 956:
Reference: check if bit is set .
Candidate: check if bit is set .

Sample 957:
Reference: run one by one create update .
Candidate: processes the iteration of by the to process the number of <UNK> .

Sample 958:
Reference: removes the exchange registered under a given message id .
Candidate: removes the message with the given id has been processed already .

Sample 959:
Reference: find the first view with first id under that view find again with nd id etc . . .
Candidate: points the current operating view to the found path .

Sample 960:
Reference: apply current x translation
Candidate: compute the internal coordinate value of the given position in the <UNK> .

Sample 961:
Reference: clear and reset an oscmessage for reuse .
Candidate: clear the filter expression .

Sample 962:
Reference: create edges for this demo graph
Candidate: create edges for this edges

Sample 963:
Reference: wakes up all queued on this sync threads and allows them to proceed .
Candidate: this private threads releasing this <UNK> .

Sample 964:
Reference: sets the port that the gremlin servers will be listening on .
Candidate: sets the specified port .

Sample 965:
Reference: adapter implementation method do not call .
Candidate: filter a start document event .

Sample 966:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 967:
Reference: create an instance of interactionresponseelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 968:
Reference: returns true if this maybesubject has observers .
Candidate: returns true if this singlesubject has observers .

Sample 969:
Reference: configure a menu item to act as a sharing action .
Candidate: configures the menu to show the menu item .

Sample 970:
Reference: adds a centrifuge recipe
Candidate: adds a centrifuge recipe

Sample 971:
Reference: read a byte in littleendian the same as be because its only byte
Candidate: read a byte value from an array

Sample 972:
Reference: clears the read buffer .
Candidate: clear the read from the buffer .

Sample 973:
Reference: receive notification of the start of an element .
Candidate: receive notification of the start of an element .

Sample 974:
Reference: checks if is use last ip .
Candidate: returns whether or not this quest is in last

Sample 975:
Reference: returns the set value given the values
Candidate: returns the set value given the values

Sample 976:
Reference: you could not join the game usually this is due to an error .
Candidate: check if the join is has the join room .

Sample 977:
Reference: sends this internal frame to the back .
Candidate: sends this internal frame to the back .

Sample 978:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 979:
Reference: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .
Candidate: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .

Sample 980:
Reference: change the button order and alignment .
Candidate: remove the item at the given name in the <UNK> list .

Sample 981:
Reference: encode the body part of this header i . e .
Candidate: encode the body part of this header i . e .

Sample 982:
Reference: creates a preauth status response .
Candidate: creates a preauth status response .

Sample 983:
Reference: add random fields to the provided document .
Candidate: add the atom fields for a specific document if it is included in the document .

Sample 984:
Reference: creates a bucket ordering strategy which sorts buckets based on a multi valued calc get
Candidate: creates a bucket ordering strategy that sorts buckets based on a multi valued calc sug aggregation

Sample 985:
Reference: returns the number of elements in this list .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this list .

Sample 986:
Reference: show the name error .
Candidate: show the name error .

Sample 987:
Reference: whether to use the new handshake endpoint to exchange ownership cache .
Candidate: whether to use the new handshake endpoint to exchange ownership cache .

Sample 988:
Reference: cleanup collected entries when the lock is available .
Candidate: cleanup collected entries when the lock is available .

Sample 989:
Reference: load resources for engine
Candidate: calls the producer to load the physical state .

Sample 990:
Reference: add element at the end
Candidate: add the adding to the specified object

Sample 991:
Reference: get the number of unique data values in the index .
Candidate: get the number of unique data values in the index .

Sample 992:
Reference: check if the file sharing session is a http transfer
Candidate: checks if this channel is a valid file transfer .

Sample 993:
Reference: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated string with the result .
Candidate: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated string with the result .

Sample 994:
Reference: tell if this is the root of the stylesheet tree .
Candidate: tell if this is the root of the stylesheet tree .

Sample 995:
Reference: return true if scrubbing is enabled on this view
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is enabled enabled for the <UNK> .

Sample 996:
Reference: return true if child is an ancestor of parent or equal to the parent .
Candidate: return true if child is an ancestor of parent or equal to the parent .

Sample 997:
Reference: dst src bimm .
Candidate: dst src bimm .

Sample 998:
Reference: move the cursor to the next row .
Candidate: move the cursor to the next row .

Sample 999:
Reference: checks if a contact is blocked .
Candidate: checks if the address is blocked in the slave .

Sample 1000:
Reference: returns the default equivalence strategy used to compare and hash keys or values referenced at this strength .
Candidate: returns the default equivalence strategy used to compare and hash keys or values referenced at this strength .

Sample 1001:
Reference: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .

Sample 1002:
Reference: returns the last byte in the array list
Candidate: returns the last byte in the array list

Sample 1003:
Reference: input an instance for filtering .
Candidate: input an instance for filtering .

Sample 1004:
Reference: removes the tag with the given key from the alerting definition .
Candidate: removes an tag tag nbt tag .

Sample 1005:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 1006:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 1007:
Reference: turn a change record into a graph edit and notify the graph listeners .
Candidate: connects this change record to notify the graph listeners and notify the graph listeners .

Sample 1008:
Reference: saves a given preferences .
Candidate: save the preferences to any preferences editor .

Sample 1009:
Reference: sorts the test list .
Candidate: sort all non zero value index pairs of the sparse block index pairs of the sparse block .

Sample 1010:
Reference: indicates whether a specified value is a power of two .
Candidate: returns whether a value is exactly power of two .

Sample 1011:
Reference: called when animation of the windows is about to start .
Candidate: called when the window should be called after a window has visible .

Sample 1012:
Reference: emit a stack map entry .
Candidate: emit a stack map entry .

Sample 1013:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1014:
Reference: creates a new child element under the specified parent with the given name and value .
Candidate: create a text for all types to the text sheet to a custom element .

Sample 1015:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: get the resource file and attempts to acquire the resource .

Sample 1016:
Reference: internal helper method to properly position buffers after encoding up until an underflow .
Candidate: get the position describing the provided character buffer an an object of an input .

Sample 1017:
Reference: get bootstrap zip url for this systems cpu architecture .
Candidate: resolve the url url to a url location .

Sample 1018:
Reference: return a stream of the sentence pairs in this bitext .
Candidate: return a stream over each sentence in the cluster .

Sample 1019:
Reference: convert buffer to an array
Candidate: converts the provided array to to the array of a provided array .

Sample 1020:
Reference: return true if compression is supported .
Candidate: return true if compression is supported .

Sample 1021:
Reference: warn if a specified condition is met .
Candidate: if the given message is not a non null value during the standard of an option .

Sample 1022:
Reference: functional method that will throw exceptions .
Candidate: functional method that will throw exceptions .

Sample 1023:
Reference: return whether or not this class hash has the same hash value as the one given .
Candidate: return whether or not the class this method will return the same value for this class .

Sample 1024:
Reference: print contents of configuration file to selected output stream .
Candidate: print contents of configuration file to selected output stream .

Sample 1025:
Reference: unconditioned way to throw an exception
Candidate: unconditioned way to throw an exception

Sample 1026:
Reference: determines if we re allowed to send a bug report .
Candidate: determines if we re allowed to send a bug report .

Sample 1027:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1028:
Reference: enables or disables the digest function default is on .
Candidate: enables or disables the digest function default is on .

Sample 1029:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this object .

Sample 1030:
Reference: encode a list of sip headers .
Candidate: encode the request line as a string .

Sample 1031:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 1032:
Reference: updates the internal document structures and informs all document listeners if listener notification has been enabled .
Candidate: updates the internal document structures and informs all document listeners if listener notification has been enabled .

Sample 1033:
Reference: retrieves the number of entries in this keystore .
Candidate: retrieves the number of entries in this keystore .

Sample 1034:
Reference: positions the input stream .
Candidate: move the cursor to the next stream at the first index .

Sample 1035:
Reference: returns the length of this string .
Candidate: returns the length of this string .

Sample 1036:
Reference: gets the viewholder via the generic superclass
Candidate: returns the captured type for the given type .

Sample 1037:
Reference: produces a new range whose boundary points are equal to the boundary points of the range .
Candidate: clone the range upper range equivalent to a range of this query .

Sample 1038:
Reference: get order by value .
Candidate: get order by value .

Sample 1039:
Reference: serialization method to save the ior state .
Candidate: writes the full state to the default state .

Sample 1040:
Reference: remove all actions completely .
Candidate: remove all action .

Sample 1041:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 1042:
Reference: causes a transition to the detail pane
Candidate: shows the dialog pane to show the state of the controls .

Sample 1043:
Reference: returns the predictions that have been collected .
Candidate: returns the predictions that have been collected .

Sample 1044:
Reference: reads the file indicating the database version in use .
Candidate: reads the file indicating the database version in use .

Sample 1045:
Reference: has been dismissed .
Candidate: you cannot num damage and <UNK> b .

Sample 1046:
Reference: notify the event registrar that a packet has been understood and hence accepted .
Candidate: returns the event that is sent to this client .

Sample 1047:
Reference: handler for http post requests .
Candidate: introspect the request map using a <UNK> method of the map <UNK> .

Sample 1048:
Reference: write the polygon on the output stream .
Candidate: write the an string to the output stream

Sample 1049:
Reference: called when part of a message is available to be processed .
Candidate: invoked when a message is received .

Sample 1050:
Reference: selects the entire contents of the graphicsnode at x y .
Candidate: selects all values from the view .

Sample 1051:
Reference: whether this attribute is required .
Candidate: gets the value of the required property .

Sample 1052:
Reference: checks a type variable signature .
Candidate: checks a type variable signature .

Sample 1053:
Reference: deletes all user added templates and reverts all contributed templates .
Candidate: restores the default settings to the persistent storage .

Sample 1054:
Reference: this method uses a region to check case insensitive equality .
Candidate: check if an string starts a prefix of the same string .

Sample 1055:
Reference: applets are not allowed to manipulate threads outside applet thread groups .
Candidate: check that the current context is trusted to test for the applet thread .

Sample 1056:
Reference: initializes state of course
Candidate: initialize the split of the <UNK> and if necessary .

Sample 1057:
Reference: multiplies every entry in the matrix with a scalar .
Candidate: multiplies scales by a matrix by a scalar value .

Sample 1058:
Reference: returns the current segment .
Candidate: computes the manager after the given segment .

Sample 1059:
Reference: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .
Candidate: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .

Sample 1060:
Reference: adds the sld editor file update listener .
Candidate: add a listener to file for the editor .

Sample 1061:
Reference: only validate that a base type is selected without showing an error message .
Candidate: validate if the selected list of base selection has changed selected .

Sample 1062:
Reference: permite buscar grupos de usuarios en el sistema
Candidate: permite buscar un usuario en el sistema

Sample 1063:
Reference: resets the source map for reuse .
Candidate: resets any internal state the implementation has after a decode to prepare it for reuse .

Sample 1064:
Reference: called when a spout has been deactivated .
Candidate: deactivate the service .

Sample 1065:
Reference: returns a deep clone of this object .
Candidate: returns a clone of this object .

Sample 1066:
Reference: send to recipient directly with has not any message
Candidate: send message to the target type t send to the target

Sample 1067:
Reference: workaround for xmlvm bug
Candidate: <UNK> true if the argument is an array

Sample 1068:
Reference: updates the ui and starts a timer .
Candidate: updates the ui and starts a timer .

Sample 1069:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1070:
Reference: clear the status area .
Candidate: clears the status message .

Sample 1071:
Reference: read a record from the database .
Candidate: reads a single one of one one of entries entries into the hash table .

Sample 1072:
Reference: closes the specified fragment
Candidate: close the specified fragment by

Sample 1073:
Reference: check if the parsed odata uri is a query and it results in an entity or a collection of entities .
Candidate: checks if the entity data matches the entity odata .

Sample 1074:
Reference: add a propertychangelistener to the listener list .
Candidate: add a propertychangelistener to the listener list .

Sample 1075:
Reference: specify an interval in the intervalunit . minute that the produced trigger will repeat at .
Candidate: specify the trigger time to minute the minute in minute .

Sample 1076:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 1077:
Reference: create an instance of emptytype
Candidate: create an instance of emptytype

Sample 1078:
Reference: regular expression negated not regexp .
Candidate: regular expression negated not regexp .

Sample 1079:
Reference: creates a new digest calculator with the specified algorithm name .
Candidate: creates a new algorithm calculator with the supplied algorithm .

Sample 1080:
Reference: returns the certificate chain for the entry with the given alias .
Candidate: returns the certificate chain for the entry with the given alias .

Sample 1081:
Reference: executes an insert database query
Candidate: insert a collection database query

Sample 1082:
Reference: replacement function for nextgaussian
Candidate: replacement the value average value

Sample 1083:
Reference: given an application id fetches the data object
Candidate: forms the data that matches the provided date

Sample 1084:
Reference: determines whether a cell is in the column range to allow for editing .
Candidate: determines whether a cell is in the column range to allow for editing .

Sample 1085:
Reference: invoked when a child has been added to the resource .
Candidate: invoked when a child resource was removed from the tree .

Sample 1086:
Reference: called when the mouse is released over the hotspot in the world window .
Candidate: invoked after the mouse was released on the filter panel .

Sample 1087:
Reference: check for token and converts it to another
Candidate: check if the token is a valid token type and is assigned to the specified token .

Sample 1088:
Reference: constructs a newspecialinvokeexpr local base sootmethodref method list of immediate grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a newspecialinvokeexpr local base sootmethodref method list of immediate grammar chunk .

Sample 1089:
Reference: wait for package installation .
Candidate: wait for package installation .

Sample 1090:
Reference: returns a set of the mappings contained in this hash table .
Candidate: returns a set of the mappings contained in this hash table .

Sample 1091:
Reference: remove a switch port from the quarantine queue .
Candidate: remove a switch port from the quarantine queue .

Sample 1092:
Reference: suggest a multiplier to influence query cost
Candidate: returns the cost cost of this vector based on the c <UNK> .

Sample 1093:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1094:
Reference: below method will be used to load the blocks
Candidate: load that covers the existing partitions .

Sample 1095:
Reference: validates a query response against an array of xpath test strings
Candidate: validates a response query against an array of xpath test strings

Sample 1096:
Reference: write a dtd section .
Candidate: write a dtd section .

Sample 1097:
Reference: send an info log message .
Candidate: send an info log message .

Sample 1098:
Reference: loads an off line legion member by name
Candidate: loads an off line legion member by name

Sample 1099:
Reference: format a byte array to the java source code that represents this object .
Candidate: format a byte array to the java source code that represents this object .

Sample 1100:
Reference: adds a voice channel to the server .
Candidate: adds a new channel to the chat channel .

Sample 1101:
Reference: return true if this header has parameters .
Candidate: return true if this header has parameters .

Sample 1102:
Reference: sets the base dn of the data to be replicated .
Candidate: sets the base ldap entry for base ldap server .

Sample 1103:
Reference: read text from filename and eval it .
Candidate: returns the content in this interpreter s global namespace .

Sample 1104:
Reference: to be able to use a specific seed and make everything reproducible .
Candidate: create the using instance using the seed .

Sample 1105:
Reference: check if this method can override another same signature and classes are inherited
Candidate: check if this class is be overridden by this method

Sample 1106:
Reference: converts foot pounds to newton meters .
Candidate: converts foot pounds to newton meters .

Sample 1107:
Reference: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
Candidate: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .

Sample 1108:
Reference: comprueba si el prestamo tiene el estado entregado devuelto incompleto
Candidate: determine if the <UNK> is no longer <UNK> or not .

Sample 1109:
Reference: return true if model can create beans
Candidate: returns true if we can add a new to this cluster .

Sample 1110:
Reference: adds all elements from a collection to the bloom filter .
Candidate: adds all elements from a collection to the bloom filter .

Sample 1111:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 1112:
Reference: compares the values in actual and expected ignoring order .
Candidate: compares the values in actual and expected .

Sample 1113:
Reference: adds the supplied node as the last child node to this node .
Candidate: adds the supplied node as the last child node to this node .

Sample 1114:
Reference: returns the assignments of this split .
Candidate: split the tree node for a node tree .

Sample 1115:
Reference: update pending action count .
Candidate: updates the action scores based on the selected file .

Sample 1116:
Reference: the default clock to use .
Candidate: the default clock to use .

Sample 1117:
Reference: for the tags title and summary extracts their text values .
Candidate: read text from a string to filepath .

Sample 1118:
Reference: start a put request to the given url along with the query params
Candidate: start a put request to the given url along with the query params

Sample 1119:
Reference: sets the custom eviction strategy to be used by the space when using a custom cache policy this property must be set .
Candidate: sets the <UNK> to use for the <UNK> cache .

Sample 1120:
Reference: gets the number of days in a calendar year .
Candidate: get the time in milliseconds for the year .

Sample 1121:
Reference: append c octet string null terminated string value .
Candidate: append a string string the current string .

Sample 1122:
Reference: removes any latitude associated with this address .
Candidate: clears the numeric latitude from this <UNK> .

Sample 1123:
Reference: returns the cost or hamming distance to the other constellation using the values from the constellation costs table
Candidate: returns the minimum distance between the the two given dates .

Sample 1124:
Reference: creates a column family instance
Candidate: creates a column family instance

Sample 1125:
Reference: let the lexmanager remember this feature
Candidate: adds a feature to the discovered map .

Sample 1126:
Reference: shortcut for path path lessequal value .
Candidate: shortcut for path path and value .

Sample 1127:
Reference: create a sortedset composed of the elements of the first sortedset minus the elements of the given iterable .
Candidate: create a sortedset composed of the elements of the first sortedset minus the elements of the given collection .

Sample 1128:
Reference: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .

Sample 1129:
Reference: sends the supplied message to the log area .
Candidate: sends the message message to the logger .

Sample 1130:
Reference: allows subclasses to augment the request to the token endpoint with additional parameters .
Candidate: allows to send the request parameters to the device endpoint with additional parameters .

Sample 1131:
Reference: closes this udp datagram socket and all possibly associated channels .
Candidate: closes this udp datagram socket and all possibly associated channels .

Sample 1132:
Reference: moves an item within the list from a position to a position
Candidate: moves an item to the given from a position to a position

Sample 1133:
Reference: returns a workflow . method for detaching mirror
Candidate: detach the workflow method to detach the workflow service

Sample 1134:
Reference: creates a new jipstring object from a list of characters
Candidate: creates a new jipstring object from a string list

Sample 1135:
Reference: this method is called when receiving updates via webhook
Candidate: called when the wizard fails a new version

Sample 1136:
Reference: returns true if this implementation allow clients to turn logging of sql updates on and off at the session level .
Candidate: determines whether the client supports sending access to the session system .

Sample 1137:
Reference: the end group s that this component should be placed in .
Candidate: the end group s that this component should be placed in .

Sample 1138:
Reference: builds an intent that creates a shortcut to launch the provided script in the background .
Candidate: builds an intent that will launch the launch intent for a terminal .

Sample 1139:
Reference: returns a hash code value for this object .
Candidate: returns a hash of this class of this class .

Sample 1140:
Reference: does the hard work of learning the model from the inputs
Candidate: does the hard work of learning the model from the inputs

Sample 1141:
Reference: check if the record represents a set of records .
Candidate: check if the record represents a set of records .

Sample 1142:
Reference: helper method to check if a map contains a taskobject with the given taskid .
Candidate: determines whether the given key is a task id to be mapped .

Sample 1143:
Reference: put the value of the named float field into the persistent field .
Candidate: put the value of the named float field into the persistent field .

Sample 1144:
Reference: get the next object id .
Candidate: get the next object id .

Sample 1145:
Reference: gets whether overscroll support is enabled .
Candidate: gets whether overscroll support is enabled .

Sample 1146:
Reference: gets the bounds to be used for testing what is inside this container transformed into the coordinate space of its scene .
Candidate: the the bounds for this tile in the given coordinates .

Sample 1147:
Reference: removes the specified config from coordinator .
Candidate: removes the specified association from the database s it .

Sample 1148:
Reference: invoked when component has been moved .
Candidate: invoked when the component s position changes .

Sample 1149:
Reference: clear out all sharing properties .
Candidate: clears the current user instance .

Sample 1150:
Reference: indicates whether the cursor is in the closed state .
Candidate: returns whether boolean indicating whether the managed object is closed .

Sample 1151:
Reference: returns the clear text representation of a given url using http format .
Candidate: returns the clear text representation of a given url using http format .

Sample 1152:
Reference: convert a string to lowercase using the english locale .
Candidate: convert a string to lowercase using the english locale .

Sample 1153:
Reference: answer the source file name attribute .
Candidate: answer the source file attribute null if not null .

Sample 1154:
Reference: attempts to add all items to the inventory starting at startslot and considering slotcount item slots .
Candidate: tries to write the inventory slot to the inventory of the itemstack .

Sample 1155:
Reference: adds a new field .
Candidate: adds a bucket field .

Sample 1156:
Reference: call when the given project is deleted .
Candidate: called when a delete operation completed that resulted in that or or the that of the project has completed .

Sample 1157:
Reference: unwrap a previously wrapped key .
Candidate: unwrap a previously wrapped key .

Sample 1158:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: gets the value of the negated property .

Sample 1159:
Reference: serialize a java object into a yaml string .
Candidate: serialize a java object into a yaml string .

Sample 1160:
Reference: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .
Candidate: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .

Sample 1161:
Reference: returns true if the track controller is shown .
Candidate: checks if the user is is already visible for the <UNK> activity .

Sample 1162:
Reference: is the type an object array type etc .
Candidate: check if the given type is a primitive array type int float int float float . float . float . float .

Sample 1163:
Reference: paints the border of a table .
Candidate: paints the border of a table .

Sample 1164:
Reference: this method is used only when the record is built .
Candidate: this method is used only when the record is built .

Sample 1165:
Reference: whether the hunter can handle this uri
Candidate: check whether this handler can handle the given input .

Sample 1166:
Reference: generates a char random password
Candidate: generate a new password array

Sample 1167:
Reference: is it a reserved stream name in bkdl namespace ?
Candidate: is it a reserved stream name in <UNK> namespace ?

Sample 1168:
Reference: checks whether or not this statement is supposed to be providing streamable result sets . . . if output parameters are registered the driver can not stream the results .
Candidate: checks when we have the <UNK> exception and throws all types they are not supported .

Sample 1169:
Reference: provide the default behaviour for the item click with multi choice mode disabled
Candidate: helper method to view and listener to view with additional item .

Sample 1170:
Reference: set the argument of fragment .
Candidate: set the argument of fragment .

Sample 1171:
Reference: convert uint into char we treat char as uint
Candidate: convert uint into char we treat char as uint

Sample 1172:
Reference: redo the last undone command .
Candidate: do just restore the top of the command line .

Sample 1173:
Reference: check whether the optional block child exists .
Candidate: check whether the optional block child exists .

Sample 1174:
Reference: ensure that all client connections are active
Candidate: ensure that all client connections are active

Sample 1175:
Reference: clone the matrix at the top of the matrix stack and push the clone onto the stack .
Candidate: push a matrix onto the stack

Sample 1176:
Reference: will output process standard in and out to the console view .
Candidate: attaches to process commands by invoking the process .

Sample 1177:
Reference: apply the default values .
Candidate: apply the default values .

Sample 1178:
Reference: iterates over all the switches and checks to see if they have controller connections that points towards another master controller .
Candidate: iterates over all the switches and checks to see if they have controller connections that points towards another master controller .

Sample 1179:
Reference: test two values for equality .
Candidate: returns the first equals to the specified value .

Sample 1180:
Reference: notifies this object that it is no longer the clipboard owner .
Candidate: required by the abstractaction interface does nothing .

Sample 1181:
Reference: query the windows registry .
Candidate: get the querywindowsregistry of the current file to the file or bit part of the armor .

Sample 1182:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera driver if still in use .

Sample 1183:
Reference: returns an unmodifiable set of this charset s aliases .
Candidate: returns an unmodifiable set of this charset s aliases .

Sample 1184:
Reference: returns an exception containing the given message plus the current position and the entire input string .
Candidate: returns an exception containing the given message plus the current position and the entire input string .

Sample 1185:
Reference: unregister an already registered listener
Candidate: unregisters listener listener object from the provider service

Sample 1186:
Reference: determine the maximum height of a line of text using the active font .
Candidate: computes the threshold of a text that is the the minimum height .

Sample 1187:
Reference: reads a signed bit big endian number .
Candidate: reads a signed bit big endian number of bytes .

Sample 1188:
Reference: ! begin user doc write your own initialization here ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc write your own initialization here ! end user doc

Sample 1189:
Reference: remove the supplied list of metrics from the list of those to display .
Candidate: remove the supplied list of metrics from the list of

Sample 1190:
Reference: adds the supplied input instance to the inputformat dataset for later processing .
Candidate: overrides this method was stored the the input the fragment .

Sample 1191:
Reference: override this method to deal with the closed connection .
Candidate: override this method to deal with the closed connection .

Sample 1192:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1193:
Reference: nfc feature was found and is currently enabled
Candidate: called when we want to disable the state

Sample 1194:
Reference: returns a set containing the specified element .
Candidate: returns a set containing the specified element .

Sample 1195:
Reference: check whether there are user tasks still active .
Candidate: check whether there are user tasks still active .

Sample 1196:
Reference: gets a future that will be completed when partition exchange map for this particular topology version is done .
Candidate: get the possible routing version for this client .

Sample 1197:
Reference: alters the stack to contain one less element and return it .
Candidate: alters the stack to one and return it .

Sample 1198:
Reference: registers an identifiable object in the registry .
Candidate: register the <UNK> with a new object

Sample 1199:
Reference: optional label for referring to the part within an action null for no label .
Candidate: return a short window name of this operation .

Sample 1200:
Reference: runs the rest api server
Candidate: runs the rest api server

Sample 1201:
Reference: is presence discovery supported
Candidate: is presence discovery supported

Sample 1202:
Reference: instantiate for a database .
Candidate: instantiate for a database .

Sample 1203:
Reference: describes the entity if a players looks at it .
Candidate: returns a string that displays and identifies the object as a .

Sample 1204:
Reference: visits a field instruction .
Candidate: visits a field instruction .

Sample 1205:
Reference: queries whether any threads have ever contended to acquire this synchronizer that is if an acquire method has ever blocked .
Candidate: queries whether any threads have ever contended to acquire this synchronizer that is if an acquire method has ever blocked .

Sample 1206:
Reference: creates one workflow for a given base dn in a backend .
Candidate: creates the provided workflow to the provided service with the same server id .

Sample 1207:
Reference: checks if the object is mutable
Candidate: checks if the object is mutable

Sample 1208:
Reference: log random read event .
Candidate: log a file read the the read level .

Sample 1209:
Reference: returns true if this entry has no bucket links and can safely be reused as a terminal entry in a bucket in another map .
Candidate: returns true if this entry is not reusable .

Sample 1210:
Reference: add a class factory in order to manage more than one class loader .
Candidate: add a class factory in order to manage more than one class loader .

Sample 1211:
Reference: closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .
Candidate: closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .

Sample 1212:
Reference: creates a new scheduledthreadpoolexecutor with the given initial parameters .
Candidate: creates a new scheduledthreadpoolexecutor with the given core pool size .

Sample 1213:
Reference: remove view from footerviews
Candidate: remove view from footerviews

Sample 1214:
Reference: this implementation shows the problem with current design of locator implementation .
Candidate: locates an inputstream for the <UNK> uri .

Sample 1215:
Reference: called when the material sheet s show animation starts .
Candidate: called when the user selects the fragment .

Sample 1216:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1217:
Reference: pop the current stack frame .
Candidate: pop the current stack frame .

Sample 1218:
Reference: get the current top value
Candidate: get the current top value

Sample 1219:
Reference: prints a new line to the streams .
Candidate: prints the the given line to the streams .

Sample 1220:
Reference: variation of showcallscreen that also specifies whether the dtmf dialpad should be initially visible when the incallscreen comes up .
Candidate: variation of showcallscreen that also specifies whether the dtmf dialpad should be initially visible when the incallscreen comes up .

Sample 1221:
Reference: send a single bit with baud bit width
Candidate: send a bit to the given boolean .

Sample 1222:
Reference: experimental execute dml script by passing positional arguments if parsepydml true using default configuration .
Candidate: experimental execute dml script without any arguments if parsepydml true using default configuration .

Sample 1223:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 1224:
Reference: returns true if a process identified by the process id is currently running on this host machine .
Candidate: returns true if a specified process is identified by the specified process process .

Sample 1225:
Reference: add the specified name value pair to the list of parameters .
Candidate: add a parameter to the outgoing binary

Sample 1226:
Reference: returns true if field storename is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field storename is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 1227:
Reference: returns the responding node s current term .
Candidate: returns the requesting node s current term .

Sample 1228:
Reference: builds a new booleanquery instance .
Candidate: new utility method to allow the query result .

Sample 1229:
Reference: finds the first occurrence of given value in an array from specified given position .
Candidate: finds the first occurrence of an element in an array from specified given position .

Sample 1230:
Reference: use for attribute searching as primary key forcing exact matches .
Candidate: use for attribute searching as primary key forcing exact matches .

Sample 1231:
Reference: ask question with question icon and ok cancel buttons
Candidate: ask question box with question

Sample 1232:
Reference: parse key value pairs to map ignore empty key ignore space at the begging or end of key and value
Candidate: parse key value pairs to map ignore empty key ignore space at the begging or end of key and value

Sample 1233:
Reference: update the attributes of an existing address
Candidate: updates an existing address attributes an existing address

Sample 1234:
Reference: copies any jboss .
Candidate: copies any jboss .

Sample 1235:
Reference: helper shared by write list set end .
Candidate: <UNK> the end of the low document end of the stuff that are are already .

Sample 1236:
Reference: converts a dom node to a string
Candidate: converts a node to a string

Sample 1237:
Reference: handle a request to play music
Candidate: called to play the google play request

Sample 1238:
Reference: invoked when the mouse button has been moved on a component with no buttons no down .
Candidate: invoked when the mouse button has been moved on a component with no buttons no down .

Sample 1239:
Reference: used internally to log a message about the class at level info
Candidate: logs an info message message about the class at the log level

Sample 1240:
Reference: indicates whether the error was fatal and the associated input source can no longer be used .
Candidate: check whether the specified exception is currently the fatal point from the error point .

Sample 1241:
Reference: set activation to override for other clearing behavior e . g .
Candidate: removes the changes rule from the set of features .

Sample 1242:
Reference: computes the variance for a numeric attribute .
Candidate: computes the variance of a numeric attribute .

Sample 1243:
Reference: returns whether or not the source can overflow the tile region or if the tile region should clip the source
Candidate: determines whether the map has exceeded its capacity .

Sample 1244:
Reference: prints a float followed by a newline .
Candidate: print a a followed followed by a newline .

Sample 1245:
Reference: deletes a given trait from an existing entity represented by a guid .
Candidate: deletes a given trait from an existing entity represented by a guid .

Sample 1246:
Reference: add a listener for propertychange events
Candidate: add a listener for propertychange events

Sample 1247:
Reference: get product sku id by given guid
Candidate: find the id id by a <UNK> to the initiator .

Sample 1248:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 1249:
Reference: resets the predicate and resets the cursor .
Candidate: resets the facet for this method to be called before calculating the results as an .

Sample 1250:
Reference: returns a grammar object by parsing the contents of the entities pointed to by sources .
Candidate: this this source of a word pointed to by the contents of the source source .

Sample 1251:
Reference: register the above content view .
Candidate: register the above content view .

Sample 1252:
Reference: check if node is a procedure function node or a variable node
Candidate: determine if this node should be ambiguously to a specific node

Sample 1253:
Reference: optional sets the duration of the voice recording file to be sent
Candidate: optional sets the duration of the want to be sent

Sample 1254:
Reference: writes an exception to this writer .
Candidate: writes an exception to this writer .

Sample 1255:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1256:
Reference: determines whether this is an http get request .
Candidate: returns whether this method handles the operation of the object .

Sample 1257:
Reference: writes the state to the stream .
Candidate: writes default serializable fields to stream .

Sample 1258:
Reference: get aggregate output value name .
Candidate: returns the name of the type <UNK> which should be converted to a .

Sample 1259:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 1260:
Reference: this method increases the frequency of this item by value
Candidate: this method counter current value on current aggregation level .

Sample 1261:
Reference: add last offset point
Candidate: adds a last segment to the last calendar segment . around a reflex tile .

Sample 1262:
Reference: returns the connection status .
Candidate: tests whether this is is connected to the client .

Sample 1263:
Reference: serialize a sequence of java objects into a yaml stream .
Candidate: serialize a sequence of java objects into a yaml stream .

Sample 1264:
Reference: handles the windowiconified event by invoking the windowiconified methods on listener a and listener b .
Candidate: handles the windowiconified event by invoking the windowiconified methods on listener a and listener b .

Sample 1265:
Reference: returns or creates the instance of the distributed txlockservice
Candidate: creates a <UNK> lock to use this service and removes the singleton .

Sample 1266:
Reference: this method currently does nothing .
Candidate: will be called after initialization the filter doesn t throw an exception .

Sample 1267:
Reference: determines if a request should be redirected to a new location given the response from the target server .
Candidate: determines if a request should be redirected to a new location given the response from the target server .

Sample 1268:
Reference: encodes a component key as a string of the form flattenedcomponentstring userid .
Candidate: encodes a component key as a string of the form flattenedcomponentstring userid .

Sample 1269:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 1270:
Reference: called when details about a tab are read from the metadata file .
Candidate: to be called as the details about a persisted tab are read from the tabmodelselector s persisted data .

Sample 1271:
Reference: allocate a new object id .
Candidate: allocate a new object id .

Sample 1272:
Reference: returns an access date double converted from a java date calendar number time value .
Candidate: converts the given time value to a date time zone .

Sample 1273:
Reference: deserializes row into data object instance
Candidate: read a one of from one of the given class to automatically loaded away .

Sample 1274:
Reference: deletes a subscription from the database
Candidate: delete a subscription in a database .

Sample 1275:
Reference: determines the parameter cost relevant information for the given period .
Candidate: load parameter in data model for the given warehouse .

Sample 1276:
Reference: creates a new instance of a securityoptions using a jce key store .
Candidate: creates a new instance of a securityoptions using a given key store .

Sample 1277:
Reference: failed to craft .
Candidate: you have not confused with the empyrean s <UNK> .

Sample 1278:
Reference: executed the provided powershell script in powershell console and gets result .
Candidate: executes a build script with the specified location .

Sample 1279:
Reference: returns a proxy that will marshall calls to idownloaderservice methods
Candidate: returns a proxy that will marshall calls to idownloaderservice methods

Sample 1280:
Reference: use the following function when the attribute may not be a string
Candidate: the ldap get values len function for the list of values for a given attribute .

Sample 1281:
Reference: writes the next attribute to the stream as a stream of unicode characters .
Candidate: writes the next record to the stream as a stream of unicode characters .

Sample 1282:
Reference: disable cache statistics by name .
Candidate: disable cache statistics by name .

Sample 1283:
Reference: unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
Candidate: unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .

Sample 1284:
Reference: return the foreign right hand side of the constraint rule .
Candidate: return the css sequence of which should be used for the entire xpath expression .

Sample 1285:
Reference: tries to download from the specified url for triescount times
Candidate: downloads content from the specified url .

Sample 1286:
Reference: requests that the download status be sent to the client .
Candidate: requests that the download status be sent to the client .

Sample 1287:
Reference: fetches the entityreferences without loading the referenced entities .
Candidate: retrieve the <UNK> without loading the referenced entities .

Sample 1288:
Reference: create a metricshistogram instance .
Candidate: creates a new metric instance for counting columns .

Sample 1289:
Reference: returns possibly shared comparator fo sorting gridcollisionjobcontextwrapper by priority .
Candidate: find all priorities that have the cross way to the <UNK> .

Sample 1290:
Reference: returns an enumeration of all the execpermission objects in the container .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of all the cryptopermission objects in the container .

Sample 1291:
Reference: defines an initial set of objects that are queried without joining to some previous table objects identified by ids are queried from the database
Candidate: defines an initial set of rows that is queried without joining to some previous query

Sample 1292:
Reference: the activation of the artifact in possession has been cancelled .
Candidate: the artifact may have a new identifier .

Sample 1293:
Reference: creates a new object of the same class as this object .
Candidate: creates and returns a copy of this object .

Sample 1294:
Reference: currently cannot accept your invitation to join the alliance .
Candidate: you cannot use the alliance invitation to toggle .

Sample 1295:
Reference: indicates whether the query should be rewritten into primitive queries
Candidate: expert sets the contents to be rewritten into the primitive queries

Sample 1296:
Reference: get the index of the first byte that can be accessed .
Candidate: get the index of the first byte that can be accessed .

Sample 1297:
Reference: gets whether this node is enabled .
Candidate: gets whether this node is enabled .

Sample 1298:
Reference: determines whether there is another master controller that the switches are connected to by looking at the controller connections .
Candidate: determines whether there is another master controller that the switches are connected to by looking at the controller connections .

Sample 1299:
Reference: push assignment to staging
Candidate: push the specified assignment to the temporary file .

Sample 1300:
Reference: create a proxy class that extends the given class .
Candidate: create a proxy class that extends the given class .

Sample 1301:
Reference: get a transformerhandler object that can process sax contenthandler events into a result based on the templates argument .
Candidate: get a transformerhandler object that can process sax contenthandler events into a result based on the templates argument .

Sample 1302:
Reference: scroll back to to if is not under touch
Candidate: scroll back to to if is not under touch

Sample 1303:
Reference: specifies the animation used to animate a view that enters the screen .
Candidate: specifies the animation used to animate a view that enters the specified screen .

Sample 1304:
Reference: determines if the prompt contains select account .
Candidate: return true if the prompt user is fetched for .

Sample 1305:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1306:
Reference: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .
Candidate: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .

Sample 1307:
Reference: checks if the segment has a cluster with unpaired objects .
Candidate: determine if this cluster is a <UNK> cover any of the clusterings all .

Sample 1308:
Reference: attempts to change builder to have this setting .
Candidate: attempts to change builder to have this setting .

Sample 1309:
Reference: this method is called when a node is executed manually .
Candidate: this method is called when a node is executed manually .

Sample 1310:
Reference: writes a message to the access logger with information about the bind request associated with the provided bind operation .
Candidate: logs an ldap connection to the signed information in the bind request associated with the provided bind operation .

Sample 1311:
Reference: set the cursor position on screen
Candidate: moves cursor position to current position and y filling it to one move

Sample 1312:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 1313:
Reference: creates a connection to another host .
Candidate: creates a connection to another host .

Sample 1314:
Reference: create a scoped classpool .
Candidate: create a scoped classpool .

Sample 1315:
Reference: remove the object reference associated with the given name from all scopes .
Candidate: remove any configuration attribute associated with the specified name .

Sample 1316:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 1317:
Reference: load the instance with the value from position pos for the attribute .
Candidate: load the attribute s value from the instance into this store .

Sample 1318:
Reference: multiply a complex number by this complex number
Candidate: multiply a complex number by this complex number

Sample 1319:
Reference: determines if the command has the given argument .
Candidate: checks whether the specified argument is present in this command line or not .

Sample 1320:
Reference: is buffer not empty ?
Candidate: is buffer not empty ?

Sample 1321:
Reference: generate a new simpletaskexecutor .
Candidate: creates a new task instance .

Sample 1322:
Reference: returns the number of productions contained in this rule .
Candidate: returns the number of productions contained in this rule .

Sample 1323:
Reference: returns true if the locale is alternated
Candidate: returns true if the sample is alternated

Sample 1324:
Reference: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .
Candidate: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .

Sample 1325:
Reference: create a secure channel to an endpoint .
Candidate: create and secure channel to an endpoint channel .

Sample 1326:
Reference: encodes an array of strings .
Candidate: encode a string line string to send room for the array of string codes .

Sample 1327:
Reference: write a segment of an array of float s .
Candidate: write a segment of an array of float s .

Sample 1328:
Reference: turn on the task queue service with a specified set of queues .
Candidate: set the <UNK> queue which will be used to send the task queues in

Sample 1329:
Reference: create an instance of organizationtype
Candidate: create an instance of organizationtype

Sample 1330:
Reference: return a random selector to use .
Candidate: return a random selector to use .

Sample 1331:
Reference: updates the city wheel
Candidate: updates the action bar and z items

Sample 1332:
Reference: gets the top component from the stack .
Candidate: get the top components from the stack

Sample 1333:
Reference: return true if and only if the rectangle contains the given other rectangle .
Candidate: return true if this contains contains contains contains any of of the given rectangle rectangle including its boundary .

Sample 1334:
Reference: serializes attributes into the specified target .
Candidate: serializes attributes into the specified target .

Sample 1335:
Reference: subclasses must call back the entity class specific method of the visitor .
Candidate: if accept all all entities should be visited in all of which are visible in the specified .

Sample 1336:
Reference: asserts that two booleans are equal .
Candidate: asserts that two booleans are equal .

Sample 1337:
Reference: optional sets the id to the provided value .
Candidate: optional sets the id of the provided value .

Sample 1338:
Reference: returns true if this source has line numbers .
Candidate: returns if the nestedlist is a numbered or a unnumbered pointed nestedlist

Sample 1339:
Reference: returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .
Candidate: returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .

Sample 1340:
Reference: generate a printable string showing the wrapped target exception .
Candidate: print the error reason to generate an error message and if it to the js type .

Sample 1341:
Reference: start a monitor and put it in the map so it can be retrieved when stop or skip are called .
Candidate: start the specified payload in the launcher processing if any .

Sample 1342:
Reference: return the cached hash code if available .
Candidate: return the cached hash code if available .

Sample 1343:
Reference: method doopen this is fired when the tool bar file open button is pressed or the main menu open file .
Candidate: this is fired when the menu item to open a file is fired .

Sample 1344:
Reference: returns serviceobject passed in if it is still valid otherwise returns null .
Candidate: check if the service is valid to be valid .

Sample 1345:
Reference: disable event if enabled
Candidate: enable the of the disabled event .

Sample 1346:
Reference: allows to add remove or edit the community manager .
Candidate: creates an new <UNK> using the specified community enter in the community .

Sample 1347:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 1348:
Reference: called when search button clicked .
Candidate: called when the search has been found .

Sample 1349:
Reference: converts to string using utf
Candidate: converts to string using utf

Sample 1350:
Reference: creates an impp property that contains a session initiation protocol handle .
Candidate: creates an empty property object with empty .

Sample 1351:
Reference: write an object array of pbs entries to the stream
Candidate: writes an array of byte array to the stream

Sample 1352:
Reference: you may only battle within the given time limit .
Candidate: you have expired the daily time limit .

Sample 1353:
Reference: lock or unlock turnouts that are part of a route
Candidate: fix the <UNK> mode on the <UNK> list to look up the <UNK> .

Sample 1354:
Reference: checks if the time the refresh access token will be valid are over
Candidate: returns whether the token is allowed to access in the current time .

Sample 1355:
Reference: remove the layer from group .
Candidate: removes a layer from the map .

Sample 1356:
Reference: this method tries to match a pattern against a dn .
Candidate: indicates whether the provided dn matches the matched pattern .

Sample 1357:
Reference: lazyly perform a stream reduction
Candidate: lazyly perform a stream reduction

Sample 1358:
Reference: inserts the specified element into this priority queue .
Candidate: inserts the specified element into this priority queue .

Sample 1359:
Reference: create a dialog box that asks the user a confirmation
Candidate: create a dialog box that asks the user a confirmation

Sample 1360:
Reference: evaluates if the domain axis can be panned .
Candidate: returns true if the domain is currently allowed in the <UNK> .

Sample 1361:
Reference: create an instance of registernameidentifierrequestelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 1362:
Reference: get the name of the table .
Candidate: gets table with id .

Sample 1363:
Reference: set error to the job .
Candidate: logs an error handler to handle the error .

Sample 1364:
Reference: called when a node changes its connectivity status to connected .
Candidate: called when the remote peer is connected to the remote endpoint .

Sample 1365:
Reference: in this we should add same default params to the get builder
Candidate: build a way to be called by the <UNK> method to get the first . .

Sample 1366:
Reference: implemented by subclasses to react to the end of a group .
Candidate: implemented by subclasses to react to the end of a group .

Sample 1367:
Reference: checks whether a header is part of the iteration .
Candidate: checks whether a header is part of the iteration .

Sample 1368:
Reference: attempts to close the file will only succeed if there are no readers and writers .
Candidate: close the stream and frees all the resources if it is not opened the

Sample 1369:
Reference: updates skill with new information
Candidate: store the player rightclicks the player s inventory .

Sample 1370:
Reference: should be called after loading a list of entities from the database .
Candidate: obtain a prepared after mode of an entity from the database .

Sample 1371:
Reference: writes an exception to this writer .
Candidate: writes an exception to this writer .

Sample 1372:
Reference: sets the mode of this cipher .
Candidate: sets the mode of this cipher .

Sample 1373:
Reference: work around lack of unsigned types in java .
Candidate: work around lack of unsigned types in java .

Sample 1374:
Reference: if this tree is an identifier or a field or a parameterized type return its name otherwise return null .
Candidate: if this tree is an identifier or a field or a parameterized type return null .

Sample 1375:
Reference: contexts propertyassignment yield returns propertynamevaluepairsinglename propertyassignment returns propertynamevaluepairsinglename constraint annotationlist annotatedpropertyassignment propertynamevaluepairsinglename declaredtyperef typeref ?
Candidate: contexts propertynamevaluepairsinglename yield returns propertynamevaluepairsinglename constraint returns propertynamevaluepairsinglename constraint annotationlist annotatedpropertyassignment propertynamevaluepairsinglename declaredtyperef typeref ?

Sample 1376:
Reference: removes the element at the head of the queue and returns it .
Candidate: removes the element at the head of the queue and returns it .

Sample 1377:
Reference: if there is just one page in the multi page editor part this hides the single tab at the bottom .
Candidate: hide the view min hide

Sample 1378:
Reference: adds a new domain to the scope list of the spider process .
Candidate: add a scope to the the last term using the current scope .

Sample 1379:
Reference: factory method to make a pending intent that is used to check whether the alarm is already active or not .
Candidate: factory method to make a pending intent that is used to check whether the alarm is already active .

Sample 1380:
Reference: check whether the task is cancelled by user
Candidate: check whether the task is cancelled by user

Sample 1381:
Reference: called after the highlight painter has been added .
Candidate: called after the highlight painter has been added .

Sample 1382:
Reference: puts a two byte short into the buffer at the current position .
Candidate: puts a short byte into a buffer at the current position .

Sample 1383:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 1384:
Reference: verify that the given exception event capture as returned by getandinitexceptioncapture has thrown an exception of the given expectedexceptionclass .
Candidate: verify that the given exception event capture as returned by getandinitexceptioncapture has thrown an exception of the given expectedexceptionclass .

Sample 1385:
Reference: add a visualizable error listener
Candidate: add a <UNK> error listener for the <UNK>

Sample 1386:
Reference: to return an ok reply back to the webservice client
Candidate: to return an ok reply back to the webservice client

Sample 1387:
Reference: indicates whether or not this parser is configured to validate xml documents .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this parser is configured to validate xml documents .

Sample 1388:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 1389:
Reference: use a local docker compose binary instead of a container .
Candidate: set the current search around a circular location .

Sample 1390:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1391:
Reference: returns the object instance of i
Candidate: returns the object instance of i

Sample 1392:
Reference: has the tag a appendix
Candidate: gibt zurueck ob das tag einen appendix <UNK> <UNK> oder nicht .

Sample 1393:
Reference: tests whether or not given metadata is set .
Candidate: tests whether or not given metadata is set .

Sample 1394:
Reference: destroy the server .
Candidate: clears the the server with the other server to post servlet .

Sample 1395:
Reference: rescan the matrix searcher
Candidate: updates the center of <UNK> matrix to be recalculated for the current matrix .

Sample 1396:
Reference: check if the http proxy should also be used for all other protocols .
Candidate: check if the http proxy should also be used for all other protocols .

Sample 1397:
Reference: obtains the string representation of this object .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .

Sample 1398:
Reference: creates a new server .
Candidate: creates a new server .

Sample 1399:
Reference: ensure equivalent method based on equals .
Candidate: ensure equivalent method based on equals .

Sample 1400:
Reference: returns true if the snapshot operation will proceed in parallel .
Candidate: returns true if the tool bar is enabled in the mode

Sample 1401:
Reference: open an index based on the index name .
Candidate: open an entry based on the index name .

Sample 1402:
Reference: synopsis four decimal places for double
Candidate: converts the style to a real string symbols by the <UNK> .

Sample 1403:
Reference: map invokedynamic method name to the new name .
Candidate: map invokedynamic method name to the new name .

Sample 1404:
Reference: returns whether or not the specified data flavor is supported for this object .
Candidate: returns whether or not the specified data flavor is supported for this object .

Sample 1405:
Reference: reads the ntp time stamp at the given offset in the buffer and returns it as a system time milliseconds since january .
Candidate: reads the ntp time stamp at the given offset in the buffer and returns it as a system time milliseconds since january .

Sample 1406:
Reference: returns a unprintablecharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
Candidate: returns an internationalcharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .

Sample 1407:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented sub instance which uses the pre projects of the <UNK> .

Sample 1408:
Reference: skillcaster s flight time increased by num as it used skillname .
Candidate: you recovered num hp because skillcaster used skillname .

Sample 1409:
Reference: remove a listener from this column projection
Candidate: remove a listener from this column projection

Sample 1410:
Reference: schedule multi job version
Candidate: schedule multiple of the jobs to the specified start .

Sample 1411:
Reference: replace the characters starting at the specified bit unit offset with the specified string .
Candidate: replace the characters starting at the specified bit unit offset with the specified string .

Sample 1412:
Reference: convert durations to the given time unit .
Candidate: convert durations to the given time unit .

Sample 1413:
Reference: prepares an image for rendering on this component .
Candidate: prepares an image for rendering on this component .

Sample 1414:
Reference: sends a permission request to the activity for one permission .
Candidate: requests a permission for the application application .

Sample 1415:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 1416:
Reference: set the bundle savedinstance which is passed by the activity .
Candidate: set the bundle savedinstance which is is the given of the activity .

Sample 1417:
Reference: get the most recent statistics of a particular organization .
Candidate: returns the list of finding a field with the given name name .

Sample 1418:
Reference: retrieve the user account with certain username .
Candidate: retrieve user account with a particular user .

Sample 1419:
Reference: post processes the result todo extension point
Candidate: called to handle a subscriber for the the result .

Sample 1420:
Reference: create props from actor creator
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> object

Sample 1421:
Reference: add a handler to the root logger .
Candidate: adds a handler to receive events from the task .

Sample 1422:
Reference: load this into stack .
Candidate: show the <UNK> to the testclient list .

Sample 1423:
Reference: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name or matching rule oid .
Candidate: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name or not .

Sample 1424:
Reference: checks for interrupt returning throw ie if interrupted before signalled reinterrupt if after signalled or if not interrupted .
Candidate: checks for interrupt returning throw ie if interrupted before signalled reinterrupt if after signalled or if not interrupted .

Sample 1425:
Reference: write the line to csv file .
Candidate: write the line to csv file .

Sample 1426:
Reference: dismisses the focused task .
Candidate: stops the focus state .

Sample 1427:
Reference: create product attribute button with label text
Candidate: create global attribute button with label text f

Sample 1428:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1429:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 1430:
Reference: called to indicate that a text timed text need to display
Candidate: called to indicate that a text timed text need to display

Sample 1431:
Reference: tells whether this stream is ready to be read .
Candidate: tells whether this stream is ready to be read .

Sample 1432:
Reference: create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
Candidate: create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory

Sample 1433:
Reference: ensure equivalent method based on equals .
Candidate: ensure equivalent method based on equals .

Sample 1434:
Reference: adds a bit signed offset to the program counter and writes the result to dst .
Candidate: store both parameters to the first register if it is a zero .

Sample 1435:
Reference: are any labels defined ?
Candidate: determines whether the labels has the labels .

Sample 1436:
Reference: get a set of keys of the jsonobject .
Candidate: get a set of keys of the jsonobject .

Sample 1437:
Reference: checks if the assertion requester using uri binding is valid .
Candidate: assertion implementation assertion using uri binding to binding binding

Sample 1438:
Reference: shows an error box with ok and log buttons .
Candidate: shows a error box with ok and log buttons .

Sample 1439:
Reference: return last execution of this task
Candidate: the last time that returns the last run of this query .

Sample 1440:
Reference: unlinks the non null first element .
Candidate: unlinks the non null first element .

Sample 1441:
Reference: filter the device s ip address from data
Candidate: computes a string address for all the data cells to a single address .

Sample 1442:
Reference: create an instance of consentelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 1443:
Reference: write the data to the specified output stream
Candidate: write the data to the specified output stream

Sample 1444:
Reference: adds just a departure from this link s tail node .
Candidate: adds the specified cursor to the resultset .

Sample 1445:
Reference: synchronous registerserver service request .
Candidate: synchronous registerserver service request .

Sample 1446:
Reference: indicates whether the sides of this extruded polygon are drawn .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is currently enabled in the <UNK> .

Sample 1447:
Reference: returns an empty list .
Candidate: returns an empty iterator that the the results .

Sample 1448:
Reference: tests whether this list contains any values .
Candidate: tests whether this list contains any values .

Sample 1449:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method for testing this class .

Sample 1450:
Reference: returns the snapshot data .
Candidate: get data withing the buffer .

Sample 1451:
Reference: returns a string consisting of the specified blocks concatenated and separated by the specified separator .
Candidate: returns a string consisting of the specified blocks concatenated and separated by the specified separator .

Sample 1452:
Reference: tells whether this the breadcrumb is in ltr or rtl mode .
Candidate: check if the <UNK> is the last segment in which case .

Sample 1453:
Reference: get menu payments .
Candidate: is if the menu is currently allowed for <UNK> .

Sample 1454:
Reference: start the application in browser to see the url or choose by other application to view this uri
Candidate: this method is used to open a url <UNK>

Sample 1455:
Reference: a listener that is invoked when a command is clicked allowing multiple commands to be handled by a single block
Candidate: remove a command listener a specific form

Sample 1456:
Reference: return if it was marked as recent
Candidate: is the recent recent recent ?

Sample 1457:
Reference: helper method to set the files path .
Candidate: loads files from the file directory and loads it to file .

Sample 1458:
Reference: helper to construct a bytestring from a string containing only bit characters .
Candidate: helper to construct a bytestring from a string containing only bit characters .

Sample 1459:
Reference: removes a line highlight .
Candidate: removes a line highlight .

Sample 1460:
Reference: convert radians to degrees .
Candidate: convert radians to degrees .

Sample 1461:
Reference: skilltarget received the boost skill effect as you used skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget received num damage skilltarget by using skillname .

Sample 1462:
Reference: releases ram used by all vms .
Candidate: release the allocated ram of the vm .

Sample 1463:
Reference: registers the unit size argument with the sub command .
Candidate: registers the <UNK> driver with the given title .

Sample 1464:
Reference: searches for the node where inlining starts .
Candidate: find the node node starting from a view node a given node .

Sample 1465:
Reference: add raw sql order by clause to the sql query statement .
Candidate: add raw sql query clause to the sql query statement . the sql query statement .

Sample 1466:
Reference: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .
Candidate: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .

Sample 1467:
Reference: visits the classes that want to extend the graph panel .
Candidate: registers the extensions for the virtual extensions .

Sample 1468:
Reference: the html string should be html formatted .
Candidate: add a text to be used to the <UNK> room as a list if you are not

Sample 1469:
Reference: returns whether the current process is in an isolated sandbox .
Candidate: determine if an isolated should be done directly by the other super .

Sample 1470:
Reference: this method will be called after the menu dismissed .
Candidate: called when the app clicks on

Sample 1471:
Reference: toggles the state of the switch .
Candidate: points to the current state of

Sample 1472:
Reference: adds tag to this parameters .
Candidate: adds tag tag to this parameters .

Sample 1473:
Reference: adds an item to the menu .
Candidate: add a new item to the order of the catalog item .

Sample 1474:
Reference: gets an inputstream for this file object .
Candidate: gets an inputstream for this file object .

Sample 1475:
Reference: add a new video frame
Candidate: add a new video frame to the video manager is already a video .

Sample 1476:
Reference: determines if this ticket is proxiable .
Candidate: determines if this ticket is <UNK> .

Sample 1477:
Reference: replace the policy entry list textarea component in the policytool window with an updated one .
Candidate: replace the <UNK> property list with the given key

Sample 1478:
Reference: checks if a field is set .
Candidate: checks if a field is set .

Sample 1479:
Reference: checks if a host name is local i . e .
Candidate: tests if server instance is an instance server instance with the server server .

Sample 1480:
Reference: removes the specified focus listener so it no longer receives focus events from this component .
Candidate: removes the specified focus listener so it no longer receives focus events from this component .

Sample 1481:
Reference: returns the rollover state .
Candidate: returns the rollover state .

Sample 1482:
Reference: persist the seekbar s progress value if callchangelistener returns true otherwise set the seekbar s progress to the stored value
Candidate: persist the seekbar s progress value if callchangelistener returns true otherwise set the seekbar s progress to the stored value

Sample 1483:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1484:
Reference: the clipboard must be opened .
Candidate: creates a system equals the size of the seekablestream for .

Sample 1485:
Reference: create an instance of wssx v token element
Candidate: create an instance of wssx pkipathv token

Sample 1486:
Reference: should be called when a tab creating event is triggered called before the tab is done being created .
Candidate: should be called when a tab creating event is triggered the tab is done being created .

Sample 1487:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 1488:
Reference: returns whether it has the user date of the album .
Candidate: returns whether it has the date name of the photo .

Sample 1489:
Reference: gets the value of the enabled property .
Candidate: gets the value of the enabled property .

Sample 1490:
Reference: check whether precondition is satisfied
Candidate: return true if validator for have a valid formed .

Sample 1491:
Reference: cast a string to a url
Candidate: cast a string to a url

Sample 1492:
Reference: create a string with some random letters
Candidate: create a string with some random letters

Sample 1493:
Reference: verified if a context is being services .
Candidate: invoke the isserviced method on the deployer .

Sample 1494:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the projectchanges button .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the projectchanges button .

Sample 1495:
Reference: x coordinate of this component s container
Candidate: return the x coordinate of the container <UNK> .

Sample 1496:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 1497:
Reference: checks if is value above threshold .
Candidate: returns true if the encoder is for threshold .

Sample 1498:
Reference: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in proper sequence .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in proper sequence .

Sample 1499:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1500:
Reference: common address book function .
Candidate: returns a new list of traitmaps for the given group .

Sample 1501:
Reference: returns a flag stating whether this transaction is for an invite request or not .
Candidate: is method always for an exception request for an invite request or not .

Sample 1502:
Reference: override to receive results delivered to this object .
Candidate: called when a method is called when the row finishes successfully .

Sample 1503:
Reference: start a new page .
Candidate: start by <UNK> when a step cursor to the first page

Sample 1504:
Reference: the size of the line from to x y
Candidate: computes the distance between this vector

Sample 1505:
Reference: this method will increment the access count for a column by whenever a column is getting used in query or incremental data load
Candidate: record that the relationship was accessed update the access time and increment the access count .

Sample 1506:
Reference: register user account with phone number
Candidate: register user account with a phone number phone number

Sample 1507:
Reference: finds the end of the label in a literal string .
Candidate: find the index of the last occurrence of a string literal .

Sample 1508:
Reference: simple boolean if we can still nag to the logs about things
Candidate: simple boolean if we can still nag to the logs about things

Sample 1509:
Reference: notify future with null result .
Candidate: notify future with null result .

Sample 1510:
Reference: adds interface information to the scan class .
Candidate: adds an information about the interface .

Sample 1511:
Reference: report an error unless another error was already reported at same source position .
Candidate: report an error unless another error was already reported at same source position .

Sample 1512:
Reference: called when a sliding panel becomes completely hidden .
Candidate: called when a sliding panel becomes completely hidden .

Sample 1513:
Reference: rolls back the current transaction .
Candidate: rolls to a failover machine with the current started started .

Sample 1514:
Reference: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .
Candidate: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .

Sample 1515:
Reference: generates the hash code for the simpledateformat object .
Candidate: generates the hash code for the simpledateformat object .

Sample 1516:
Reference: determines if a given opcode denotes an instruction that stores a value to a local variable after popping it from the operand stack .
Candidate: determines if a given opcode denotes an instruction type

Sample 1517:
Reference: public add a foreign key constraint to the table .
Candidate: public add a foreign key constraint to the given name .

Sample 1518:
Reference: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .
Candidate: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .

Sample 1519:
Reference: reaps a child process if it has died .
Candidate: determine if the given key is a valid id for the . .

Sample 1520:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1521:
Reference: join a multicast group
Candidate: a a request to a little virtual machine .

Sample 1522:
Reference: delete nfsshare for snapshot
Candidate: delete lun share with the datastore

Sample 1523:
Reference: clears the internal state of the statistic
Candidate: reset the window back to this window state

Sample 1524:
Reference: compute the id for a set of active matches
Candidate: computes the id id for each variable to the next read variable .

Sample 1525:
Reference: draws a string using baseline coordinates .
Candidate: draw a string box using the passed paint string to determine x y .

Sample 1526:
Reference: returns a new tour builder .
Candidate: create an instance of of the same class .

Sample 1527:
Reference: filters according to type .
Candidate: filters according to type .

Sample 1528:
Reference: manually add a command to the command queue . br useful for testing and for times when the mod might want to add its own commands .
Candidate: add the command to the database .

Sample 1529:
Reference: returns the subgraph over the markov blanket of the given target variable .
Candidate: greedy equivalence search start from the empty graph . till model is significant .

Sample 1530:
Reference: find out if this element is in the element registry .
Candidate: find if the given timed is in the config table .

Sample 1531:
Reference: determines whether the given string contains a boolean value false true yes no .
Candidate: tests if the string value is a boolean value or numeric value .

Sample 1532:
Reference: create an update task for when the last listener of given structureinfo disconnects .
Candidate: creates a new unparented workflow task that is the previously created due to a document .

Sample 1533:
Reference: returns the value of this imageresizeoption as an int .
Candidate: gets integer value associated to reasoncode instance

Sample 1534:
Reference: creates assignable dynamic groups and initializes their attributes .
Candidate: creates assignable dynamic groups and initializes their attributes .

Sample 1535:
Reference: this method is used to hide a keyboard after a user has finished typing the url .
Candidate: this method is used to hide a keyboard after a user has finished typing the url .

Sample 1536:
Reference: backoff time when redirecting to an already retried host .
Candidate: backoff time when redirecting to an already retried host .

Sample 1537:
Reference: stores the byte value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: stores the byte value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 1538:
Reference: retrieve the next token placing the token value in the lookahead member variable storing its previous value in the previous member variable .
Candidate: read the next token and return the internal pointer type as possible .

Sample 1539:
Reference: do a chart zoom out .
Candidate: do a chart zoom out .

Sample 1540:
Reference: returns if the maximum x value was set .
Candidate: returns if the maximum x value was set .

Sample 1541:
Reference: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .
Candidate: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .

Sample 1542:
Reference: enable the location provider .
Candidate: called when this plugin is enabled .

Sample 1543:
Reference: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .
Candidate: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .

Sample 1544:
Reference: shuts down the transport freeing all acquired resources .
Candidate: clean up any resources associated with this iterator .

Sample 1545:
Reference: p converts a short value into a string .
Candidate: p converts a short value into a string .

Sample 1546:
Reference: determines if windows file system is in use .
Candidate: determines if windows file system is in use .

Sample 1547:
Reference: extracts the jobfield to be examined from the tokenizedquery .
Candidate: extracts the <UNK> field to find the filter names .

Sample 1548:
Reference: calculates the fitness for the rmse root mean squared error type fitness .
Candidate: calculates the fitness for the <UNK> mean squared error type fitness .

Sample 1549:
Reference: attempts to remove the head of the queue and return it .
Candidate: attempts to remove the head of the queue and return it .

Sample 1550:
Reference: overide the superclass method to allow one or two arguments .
Candidate: overide the superclass method to allow one or two arguments .

Sample 1551:
Reference: handle a packet on the client side .
Candidate: handle a packet on the client side .

Sample 1552:
Reference: adds a arity match method .
Candidate: adds a arity match method .

Sample 1553:
Reference: add one attribute to the attrset the attribute should have only byte values
Candidate: add a attribute to the attrset of attribute values that have a string attribute

Sample 1554:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 1555:
Reference: creates an instance of the associated element type .
Candidate: creates an instance of the associated element type .

Sample 1556:
Reference: creates an instance of the associated element type .
Candidate: creates an instance of the associated element type .

Sample 1557:
Reference: call back when loading .
Candidate: call back when loading .

Sample 1558:
Reference: the user has been signed in and pressed done button .
Candidate: the method is called by the <UNK> is currently in expected .

Sample 1559:
Reference: removes dom listeners from the document .
Candidate: removes the any displayed listeners for the specified event .

Sample 1560:
Reference: virtual method doubles spill from aix registers but fit in jvm registers
Candidate: static method that spill double from aix registers but fit in jvm registers

Sample 1561:
Reference: extracs the string after the last occurence of the seperator character
Candidate: in the id id from the token string .

Sample 1562:
Reference: returns the environment delegatee .
Candidate: an mutator context instance that are to the class

Sample 1563:
Reference: gets file s data block size .
Candidate: get single data block size to store this data block .

Sample 1564:
Reference: called when the timer should be stopped .
Candidate: gets the timer timer and stop it if it is running .

Sample 1565:
Reference: make all components invisible on all pages by removing from display
Candidate: remove any previously visible fragment for the .

Sample 1566:
Reference: perform the actual retrieval and notifies the client through the given completionhandler .
Candidate: queries the worker is available for use after the indexing of <UNK> .

Sample 1567:
Reference: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 1568:
Reference: adds a row to this row data .
Candidate: adds a row to this row data .

Sample 1569:
Reference: get a spike style relay instance from the registrar
Candidate: turn a relay of this this .

Sample 1570:
Reference: saves the input stream to a file relative to the workspace directory of a container .
Candidate: saves the input stream to a file relative to the workspace directory .

Sample 1571:
Reference: writes out a block of text that contains no newlines
Candidate: writes out a block of text that contains no newlines

Sample 1572:
Reference: add extended data to the intent .
Candidate: add extended data to the intent .

Sample 1573:
Reference: pause for a default interval milliseconds .
Candidate: pauses the any .

Sample 1574:
Reference: reads and discards an entire message .
Candidate: reads and discards an entire message .

Sample 1575:
Reference: add a header to the unparsed list of headers .
Candidate: add a header to the unparsed headers of this response .

Sample 1576:
Reference: visits a nested annotation value of the annotation .
Candidate: visits an annotation of this field .

Sample 1577:
Reference: change the index sign
Candidate: change the index sign

Sample 1578:
Reference: close resultset if needed .
Candidate: close resultset if needed .

Sample 1579:
Reference: execute the select statement for the given parameters .
Candidate: execute the cursor with statement for the a given query .

Sample 1580:
Reference: returns a boolean value indicating whether the segment is open .
Candidate: check if the door is open .

Sample 1581:
Reference: returns a lisp like atom for the node which is intended for human consumption and not to be read in again .
Candidate: returns a lisp like atom for the node which is not intended for human consumption and not to be be useful for debugging .

Sample 1582:
Reference: run wine in the prefix in foreground
Candidate: run wine in the prefix in background

Sample 1583:
Reference: purges print stream for this thread group to the stream passed in .
Candidate: purges all the data for the given stream to the print stream .

Sample 1584:
Reference: returns a description of this option suitable for display as a tip text in the gui .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 1585:
Reference: add a pair of extra http header .
Candidate: add a http header to the extra list of the .

Sample 1586:
Reference: updates a union member in the back end .
Candidate: updates a union member in the back end .

Sample 1587:
Reference: add gradle home components to the panel
Candidate: add gradle metadata chooser component to the container .

Sample 1588:
Reference: flush non transmitted output data and or non read input data
Candidate: flush non transmitted output data and or non read input data

Sample 1589:
Reference: pushes a set t for use by the map builder .
Candidate: pushes an <UNK> to print the map query for use by the map builder .

Sample 1590:
Reference: gets whether this executor is finished or aborted .
Candidate: whether the call method has returned with or without exception .

Sample 1591:
Reference: encodes a multistream opus frame from floating point input . br
Candidate: encodes a multistream opus frame from floating point input . br

Sample 1592:
Reference: finds an arc leaving the incoming arc replacing the arc in place .
Candidate: selects an over which is visible to a group or inferring the first group of anchored to the specified predicate .

Sample 1593:
Reference: sends command usage for game to the provided player
Candidate: sends the connection to send the <UNK> to the player room .

Sample 1594:
Reference: removes all the foos where uuid from the database .
Candidate: removes all the foos where uuid from the database .

Sample 1595:
Reference: creates a soft button component
Candidate: creates a new button to the the <UNK> button and communities to this the default behavior .

Sample 1596:
Reference: matches the same characters as stringtokenizer namely space tab newline and formfeed .
Candidate: returns a matcher which matches the specified characters pattern .

Sample 1597:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new source source that is used to create the <UNK> source .

Sample 1598:
Reference: allow derived classes to perform some custom closing operations to release resources
Candidate: performs a custom implementation close task .

Sample 1599:
Reference: removes an item with the specified id of a list of feed items if found .
Candidate: convenience method to modify an item of the category info

Sample 1600:
Reference: determines if there is a name value pair with the passed name .
Candidate: returns true if the passed in with the passed name .

Sample 1601:
Reference: called once on thread start before first event is available .
Candidate: fired when the compression is started override to handle in your own code

Sample 1602:
Reference: closes the menu and shows the above view .
Candidate: closes the menu and shows the above view .

Sample 1603:
Reference: creates an exact type reference using the given type .
Candidate: creates a new type using the provided type type .

Sample 1604:
Reference: called if server alerts
Candidate: called if server alerts

Sample 1605:
Reference: get the minute of hour field property which provides access to advanced functionality .
Candidate: get the minute of hour field property

Sample 1606:
Reference: draw the button when the button is disabled
Candidate: draw the button when the button is selected on the button

Sample 1607:
Reference: determine if the static image will contain mapbox logo .
Candidate: indicates if this map is a custom image .

Sample 1608:
Reference: gets c class ip range .
Candidate: gets the singleton ip range .

Sample 1609:
Reference: removes an argument from the command .
Candidate: remove the specified argument from this command line .

Sample 1610:
Reference: callback called when an is composing event has been received .
Candidate: called when the user has to fire a chat .

Sample 1611:
Reference: sends a message to the debug client to specify the debugger behavior when certain debug events are encountered .
Candidate: sends the provided event to to the requesting client .

Sample 1612:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a java version of the same api version of this directives .

Sample 1613:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 1614:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 1615:
Reference: returns a request similar to the current one enforcing the static access flag to be false .
Candidate: indicates to indicate that the current member is to be propagated instead of the static access flag to be true .

Sample 1616:
Reference: this option controls whether passwords in server configuration need be masked .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is a default password rather than the default constraint .

Sample 1617:
Reference: transform all the points in this model
Candidate: transform all the points in this model

Sample 1618:
Reference: clears the existing text labels .
Candidate: clears the existing text labels .

Sample 1619:
Reference: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service
Candidate: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service

Sample 1620:
Reference: helper that checks if node is of simple type useful to checking if you are allowed to add children to this node .
Candidate: checks if state is a simple state .

Sample 1621:
Reference: append an element to the arg list .
Candidate: append an element to the arg list .

Sample 1622:
Reference: returns true if any media is playing
Candidate: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .

Sample 1623:
Reference: returns the start date .
Candidate: returns the start date .

Sample 1624:
Reference: map method name to the new name .
Candidate: map method name to the new name .

Sample 1625:
Reference: encode a string for including in a cdata section .
Candidate: encode a string for including in a cdata section .

Sample 1626:
Reference: reply to the src handler that we are disconnected see cmd channel disconnected for message contents
Candidate: send a message to the connection

Sample 1627:
Reference: adjust contentview scroller or list at refresh or loading time
Candidate: adjust contentview scroller or list at refresh or loading time

Sample 1628:
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .

Sample 1629:
Reference: loads a class from a string classname
Candidate: loads a class from a string classname

Sample 1630:
Reference: tells whether the file is a symbolic link .
Candidate: tells whether the file is a symbolic link .

Sample 1631:
Reference: convertstringsidtosid lpctstr stringsid psid psid
Candidate: <UNK> lpctstr lpsystemname psid sid

Sample 1632:
Reference: internal routine to start timer to protect the mode change .
Candidate: start short timer to be short for the timer .

Sample 1633:
Reference: the chart has been reinitialized to a new number of data sources .
Candidate: called when a number of bytes which has been changed .

Sample 1634:
Reference: notify all listeners that are part of this composite of a jamon event and pass them the monitor that triggered the event .
Candidate: todo this event it is assigned this object .

Sample 1635:
Reference: removes all of the elements from the list .
Candidate: clears the list of adapter

Sample 1636:
Reference: reads parses and returns an ebml variable length integer varint from the contents of a binary element .
Candidate: reads parses and returns an <UNK> variable length . varint from the contents of a binary element .

Sample 1637:
Reference: this method will delete file
Candidate: this method will delete file

Sample 1638:
Reference: gets the first element in the queue .
Candidate: get a value from the end of this deque .

Sample 1639:
Reference: verifies the value for an enum field .
Candidate: checks that the given value is equal to the private field and value .

Sample 1640:
Reference: determines the next active subscription history which has a product with the given price model key and is located at or after the given time stamp .
Candidate: load the history history for a range model key .

Sample 1641:
Reference: reads into a character buffer using the correct encoding .
Candidate: reads into a character buffer using the correct encoding .

Sample 1642:
Reference: optional sets the caption to the provided value .
Candidate: optional sets the caption to the provided value .

Sample 1643:
Reference: create a referenceregions from the specified bed file
Candidate: create a new instance from the specified file .

Sample 1644:
Reference: remember that the given lob value must be removed at commit .
Candidate: remove the <UNK> from a cache value if any .

Sample 1645:
Reference: the given event listener will no longer be called with events .
Candidate: removes the given event listener .

Sample 1646:
Reference: adds a chart subtitle and notifies registered listeners that the chart has been modified .
Candidate: adds a subtitle to the chart .

Sample 1647:
Reference: erases all elements in the list and re initializes it .
Candidate: erases all elements in the list and re initializes it .

Sample 1648:
Reference: after a file has been moved updates the references to the file so that they point to the new location of the file .
Candidate: called when in order to follow the <UNK> unit .

Sample 1649:
Reference: true if this record would be suppressed by an answer .
Candidate: true if this record would be suppressed by an answer .

Sample 1650:
Reference: a method to get a file object .
Candidate: get a file object .

Sample 1651:
Reference: de serializes json into the corresponding java object .
Candidate: converts the given object into an object of the given json object .

Sample 1652:
Reference: returns the whole range relative to the specified comparator .
Candidate: returns the whole range relative to the specified comparator .

Sample 1653:
Reference: delete entity from database table .
Candidate: delete the given entity .

Sample 1654:
Reference: fix the monitor links for proper navigation to the monitor in the right dump .
Candidate: helper function to constructing the plural slash number of article <UNK> and prefixing it with the .

Sample 1655:
Reference: writes the given jfreechart to the kmz file specified for the kmz writer attribute of this class .
Candidate: writes the given jfreechart to the kmz file specified for the kmz writer attribute of this class .

Sample 1656:
Reference: execute an sql insert update or delete query .
Candidate: execute an sql insert update without delete query parameters .

Sample 1657:
Reference: returns true if the node and it s first and second child match the specified types .
Candidate: returns true if the node and it s first three match match the specified types .

Sample 1658:
Reference: top level runloop for workers called by forkjoinworkerthread . run .
Candidate: top level runloop for workers called by forkjoinworkerthread . run .

Sample 1659:
Reference: determines if the target vm supports getting constant pool information of a class .
Candidate: checks if the vm supports the local pool for this connection .

Sample 1660:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method for testing this class .

Sample 1661:
Reference: returns true if the line alongside the axis should be drawn .
Candidate: returns true if the line alongside the axis should be drawn .

Sample 1662:
Reference: returns the first element of the vector .
Candidate: returns the first element of the queue .

Sample 1663:
Reference: end a application level transaction on this allocator .
Candidate: end end transaction .

Sample 1664:
Reference: chooses an alias for the client side of an ssl connection to authenticate it with the specified public key type and certificate issuers .
Candidate: chooses an alias for the client side of an ssl connection to authenticate it with the specified public key type and certificate issuers .

Sample 1665:
Reference: whether the container or test should be disabled .
Candidate: whether whether the item is disabled .

Sample 1666:
Reference: adds a dependency of the target class .
Candidate: adds a custom type to the list of module

Sample 1667:
Reference: create or update inventory object .
Candidate: create or create inventory object .

Sample 1668:
Reference: advances next to higher entry .
Candidate: advances next to higher entry .

Sample 1669:
Reference: visits a field of the class .
Candidate: visits a field of the class .

Sample 1670:
Reference: applies the filter to the given feature store
Candidate: process a filter store on the configuration .

Sample 1671:
Reference: identity based version for use in itr . remove
Candidate: identity based version for use in itr . remove

Sample 1672:
Reference: register interest in a socket .
Candidate: register interest in a socket .

Sample 1673:
Reference: initializer for the manager .
Candidate: initializes the given init and store a new path on the init .

Sample 1674:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 1675:
Reference: creates a ui for a jscrollbar .
Candidate: creates a new ui for the given ui .

Sample 1676:
Reference: returns true if there are dead states reachable from an initial state .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is offline for that reach an accept state .

Sample 1677:
Reference: write the model to the output stream
Candidate: writes the differences into the output stream

Sample 1678:
Reference: check field resolution in both normal and nested modes .
Candidate: checks the <UNK> field and returns a <UNK> of the <UNK> .

Sample 1679:
Reference: validate the given assumption .
Candidate: validate the given assumption .

Sample 1680:
Reference: this call if creature die in zone .
Candidate: compares to see if all rules specified in ai s

Sample 1681:
Reference: this function checks if a string is a valid attribute type case insensitive .
Candidate: this method determines if the given type is valid .

Sample 1682:
Reference: set the meta to sort by
Candidate: query the full comparator of the given implementation

Sample 1683:
Reference: revert to original status prior any merges
Candidate: resets any internal state the implementation has after a decode to prepare it for reuse .

Sample 1684:
Reference: you converted death to healing by using skillname .
Candidate: you have recovered hp by using skillname .

Sample 1685:
Reference: looks up the term for the given offset .
Candidate: returns the minimum item for the specified offset .

Sample 1686:
Reference: dynamically imports an html document .
Candidate: inserts the href of a top of this node to the given given .

Sample 1687:
Reference: returns drawable instance for divider
Candidate: returns drawable instance for divider

Sample 1688:
Reference: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 1689:
Reference: returns true if the keylist contains at least valid key and false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the keylist contains at least valid key and false otherwise .

Sample 1690:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1691:
Reference: returns a successful response containing the parsed result .
Candidate: returns a successful response containing the parsed result .

Sample 1692:
Reference: jl i have no idea why i put this method here .
Candidate: adds a key value pair to the cache and the specified expiry time .

Sample 1693:
Reference: returns the set of events that have the same property value as the given event .
Candidate: returns the key of events that have the same key as the specified key .

Sample 1694:
Reference: disable location update notifications .
Candidate: disable location update notifications .

Sample 1695:
Reference: returns true if the condition is evaluated to true for the given certificate .
Candidate: checks if this sub points to a certificate file to verify .

Sample 1696:
Reference: adds a new policy referral .
Candidate: adds a referral referral .

Sample 1697:
Reference: returns all entries in the cache
Candidate: returns all entries in the cache

Sample 1698:
Reference: returns a string describing the certificate exception .
Candidate: returns a string describing the certificate exception for this exception .

Sample 1699:
Reference: determine if the jsonobject contains a specific key .
Candidate: determine if the jsonobject has a key key .

Sample 1700:
Reference: this is used internally by the framework
Candidate: this is used internally by the framework

Sample 1701:
Reference: shows the animation ring
Candidate: shows the animation ring

Sample 1702:
Reference: mark this object as dirty .
Candidate: marks the value of the resource to be deleted .

Sample 1703:
Reference: this method is invoked after isdestroyed has been set to true
Candidate: does the destroy <UNK> the method just remove all members in the cluster .

Sample 1704:
Reference: performs a pick at the tap location .
Candidate: performs a pick at the tap location .

Sample 1705:
Reference: remove a statement from the isolated service .
Candidate: remove statements from the isolated service .

Sample 1706:
Reference: writes a message to the access logger with information about the modify dn request associated with the provided modify dn operation .
Candidate: writes to write pages to the access logger with information about the modify dn operation associated with the provided modify dn operation .

Sample 1707:
Reference: getter for property oemcp .
Candidate: returns true if the animal is <UNK> to be replaced instead of <UNK> .

Sample 1708:
Reference: helper method to perform migrations
Candidate: performs the database located in the innermost model .

Sample 1709:
Reference: build a new cube segment typically its time range appends to the end of current cube .
Candidate: build a new cube segment at the end of segment appends end of the current number .

Sample 1710:
Reference: executes the entityquery and a single result record
Candidate: executes the entityquery and a single result record

Sample 1711:
Reference: you resisted s attack .
Candidate: you have the the xp to .

Sample 1712:
Reference: determines whether this database uses a local file to store tables .
Candidate: determines whether this database uses a local file to store tables .

Sample 1713:
Reference: record a value in the distribution .
Candidate: record a sample of a specified amount .

Sample 1714:
Reference: for a databound tree has this folder either already loaded its children or is it in the process of loading them .
Candidate: determines if a particular node is loaded .

Sample 1715:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 1716:
Reference: returns whether we must create the ads .
Candidate: checks whether source replication supports initialization .

Sample 1717:
Reference: returns true if this type is known to be an array type .
Candidate: indicates whether this token is an array .

Sample 1718:
Reference: callback on refresh finish
Candidate: callback timer to finish

Sample 1719:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1720:
Reference: enters a new lexical state
Candidate: enters a new lexical state

Sample 1721:
Reference: observer function which is called if the attack request is removed .
Candidate: remove the <UNK> treatment of the map <UNK> and sends it to the <UNK> .

Sample 1722:
Reference: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles
Candidate: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles

Sample 1723:
Reference: animate a scroll by the given amount of pixels along either axis .
Candidate: smoothly scroll by the pixels of a given duration .

Sample 1724:
Reference: draw the weather layer .
Candidate: draw the background damage the the shape of the given paint .

Sample 1725:
Reference: record the given document .
Candidate: add the given document .

Sample 1726:
Reference: enables exclusive scanning on qr code data matrix pdf and aztec barcodes .
Candidate: set the body to qr codes to use the barcode model detected

Sample 1727:
Reference: math result not representable
Candidate: returns the <UNK> power of the low endpoint <UNK> .

Sample 1728:
Reference: gets the allowexternalusermanagment value for this remoteconfiguration .
Candidate: returns true if the user is <UNK> to be <UNK> by the <UNK> .

Sample 1729:
Reference: dst src src .
Candidate: dst src src .

Sample 1730:
Reference: returns true if the number or order of properties could change at any time
Candidate: is this a volatile field ?

Sample 1731:
Reference: scales the vector by the given amount and returns a new vector .
Candidate: given given vector vector given and z values to the given vector .

Sample 1732:
Reference: clears this hashtable so that it contains no keys .
Candidate: clears this hashtable so that it contains no keys .

Sample 1733:
Reference: clean all stations which station type is searched
Candidate: clean up all <UNK> mappings from the caller s <UNK> .

Sample 1734:
Reference: unlink this node from it s current list . . .
Candidate: unlinks the current token of from the current list .

Sample 1735:
Reference: calculate the number of times we attempt to commumnicate with a data store .
Candidate: calculates the api timeout of the <UNK> up in milliseconds started .

Sample 1736:
Reference: visits the return type of the method .
Candidate: visits the return type of the method .

Sample 1737:
Reference: gets the contents at the given url .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given url .

Sample 1738:
Reference: adds a new field .
Candidate: adds a new field .

Sample 1739:
Reference: disposes all images and clear all image keys .
Candidate: releases the resources for the proper client .

Sample 1740:
Reference: an extension point allowing derived classes to change the behavior of resource closing .
Candidate: an extension point allowing the behavior of a class closing to be overridden in derived classes .

Sample 1741:
Reference: convert full width letters in chinese fonts to normal half width letters in ansi charset .
Candidate: convert full width letters in chinese fonts to normal half width letters in ansi charset .

Sample 1742:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 1743:
Reference: attempts to verify the user token retrieved via the specified tokenheader .
Candidate: attempts to see if token token the the token token .

Sample 1744:
Reference: initialize statement for action like select
Candidate: initialize statement for action like select

Sample 1745:
Reference: returns the smaller of two integers
Candidate: returns the smaller of two integers

Sample 1746:
Reference: convenience method with zero start seqno .
Candidate: check that the <UNK> is no longer valid and <UNK> the expected value .

Sample 1747:
Reference: creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field .
Candidate: creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field .

Sample 1748:
Reference: set the parent directory where the brokers logs and server s logs and snapshots will be kept .
Candidate: returns the cache path removing the existing data directory .

Sample 1749:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 1750:
Reference: checks whether the unit is able to execute a cloak command .
Candidate: checks whether the unit is able to execute the <UNK> or not .

Sample 1751:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 1752:
Reference: indicates if this repositorymanager has been initialized .
Candidate: indicates if the repository manager was been initialized in the system .

Sample 1753:
Reference: adds a command to the titlearea on the right side .
Candidate: adds a command to the titlearea on the right .

Sample 1754:
Reference: closes a specific peer connection on the endpoint .
Candidate: closes the given peer endpoint on the endpoint .

Sample 1755:
Reference: main to run from tests from command line .
Candidate: starts a command line of the specified number .

Sample 1756:
Reference: removes a named style previously added to the document .
Candidate: removes a named style previously added to the document .

Sample 1757:
Reference: finds the no button in the confirmation window clicks it and waits until the confirmation window disappears .
Candidate: cancel the confirmation window to cancel the confirmation and if its button .

Sample 1758:
Reference: sets this type fifo support .
Candidate: sets whether or not the provider is be used to a new <UNK> .

Sample 1759:
Reference: validates a query matches some xpath test expressions and closes the query
Candidate: validates a query matches some xpath test expressions and closes the query

Sample 1760:
Reference: set the activity to be hardware accelerated .
Candidate: this method enables an of of packed cycles for the given query .

Sample 1761:
Reference: attempt to extract fluid from this fluidprovider
Candidate: attempt to extract fluid from this method

Sample 1762:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 1763:
Reference: changes the current width of the pull tight accuracy for traces .
Candidate: emit p value after the user s number of slide away .

Sample 1764:
Reference: indicates this item is expanded .
Candidate: checks if the fold region is currently expanded .

Sample 1765:
Reference: adds an object to a given location .
Candidate: adds an object to a given location .

Sample 1766:
Reference: asserts that the given resource from the src test resources directory has the same content as the given file .
Candidate: check if a file a file object to be used to update the current content .

Sample 1767:
Reference: create an instance of transformstype
Candidate: create an instance of transformstype

Sample 1768:
Reference: generates the instruction to compute the length of an array .
Candidate: generates the instruction to compute the length of an array .

Sample 1769:
Reference: removes the named test child .
Candidate: removes the named child child from the object .

Sample 1770:
Reference: add an element to this packet .
Candidate: add an element to the end of the list .

Sample 1771:
Reference: generates a random salt .
Candidate: generates a random salt .

Sample 1772:
Reference: loads all user accounts from file into the manager .
Candidate: load all user from organisations from file into the manager .

Sample 1773:
Reference: to be called when the connector has become disconnected .
Candidate: called when the server is possibly connected to the server .

Sample 1774:
Reference: write an int in a binary file
Candidate: write an int in a binary file

Sample 1775:
Reference: removes all the plots .
Candidate: removes all the components in the world

Sample 1776:
Reference: you have gained energy of salvation num .
Candidate: you have gained num xp energy of salvation num .

Sample 1777:
Reference: called after the controller released the fetched image .
Candidate: called when the user is released .

Sample 1778:
Reference: create a new customer on shopify
Candidate: create a new customer on shopify

Sample 1779:
Reference: whether the file has available data .
Candidate: determines if data is is available to the list .

Sample 1780:
Reference: performs a find on the text and sets the selection accordingly .
Candidate: find or if a <UNK> select is in the hex string

Sample 1781:
Reference: called during initialization to check whether an options button should be added to the toolbar or not .
Candidate: indicates whether the value source has a set of options to be compared to be compared .

Sample 1782:
Reference: selects checbox in aemsidekick grid based
Candidate: clicks the <UNK> to modify the row and if there are not found in the grid .

Sample 1783:
Reference: returns true if and only if this instance represents a monetary value less than zero otherwise false .
Candidate: returns true if and only if this instance represents a monetary value otherwise false .

Sample 1784:
Reference: make a deep copy of this object .
Candidate: creates new deep copy of this statement .

Sample 1785:
Reference: substitutes the given object with one that has a better tostring for code generation .
Candidate: given argument from its type and use as an argument .

Sample 1786:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 1787:
Reference: handles pausing of the game activity .
Candidate: called when the user selects the view touches the fragment .

Sample 1788:
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .

Sample 1789:
Reference: sort neurons by their excitatory conductance .
Candidate: sort the the method is to be fetched .

Sample 1790:
Reference: checks whether this field is declared volatile .
Candidate: gets whether this field is volatile .

Sample 1791:
Reference: creates a new jmh blackhole object .
Candidate: creates a new intbuffer that is initialized to the <UNK> .

Sample 1792:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 1793:
Reference: performs any further cleanup following run state transition on invocation of shutdown .
Candidate: performs any further cleanup following run state transition on invocation of shutdown .

Sample 1794:
Reference: constant use when the value is null .
Candidate: guess a constant to the name and a constant constant .

Sample 1795:
Reference: the zookeeper connection string aka zookeeper . connect .
Candidate: returns string cut string name .

Sample 1796:
Reference: confirm that significance testing doesn t alter the average that would be returned .
Candidate: confirm that significance testing doesn t alter the average that would be returned .

Sample 1797:
Reference: can a catalog name be used in a privilege definition statement ?
Candidate: can a catalog name be used in a privilege definition statement ?

Sample 1798:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 1799:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 1800:
Reference: performs a local query .
Candidate: performs a query operation to the given query entry .

Sample 1801:
Reference: adds an object that is notified about changes in the tag manager .
Candidate: adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the tag manager .

Sample 1802:
Reference: adds an object child to the object .
Candidate: adds an child object child name .

Sample 1803:
Reference: removes all response interceptors from this list .
Candidate: removes all response interceptors from this list .

Sample 1804:
Reference: get price includes tax .
Candidate: get price includes tax .

Sample 1805:
Reference: set the current context node .
Candidate: set the current context node .

Sample 1806:
Reference: set the debugger to use when searching or null to turn off .
Candidate: set the debugger to use when searching or null to turn off .

Sample 1807:
Reference: replaces this synchronizedrandomaccesslist with a synchronizedlist so that jres before . can deserialize this object without any problems .
Candidate: replaces this synchronizedrandomaccesslist with a synchronizedlist so that jres before . can deserialize this object without any problems .

Sample 1808:
Reference: this is used to determine if the provided character is an upper case character .
Candidate: verifies if the specified character is uppercase .

Sample 1809:
Reference: check if any of the edges specified were initially touched in the currently active gesture .
Candidate: check if any of the edges specified were initially touched in the currently active gesture .

Sample 1810:
Reference: returns the datetime for a given human readable string formatted bigquery timestamp .
Candidate: converts a datetime string into a datetime string and for parsing the default timezone .

Sample 1811:
Reference: build the control flow graph of a method .
Candidate: execute the imports flow in the code .

Sample 1812:
Reference: updates to bound properties will cause a propertychange event to get fired when the property is changed .
Candidate: returns if the keytab is bound to a principal

Sample 1813:
Reference: extends the current selection to the character at x y .
Candidate: extends the current selection to the receiver at x y coordinates .

Sample 1814:
Reference: creates an opaque icon image by setting transparent pixels to the specified bgcolor
Candidate: returns a image image for the given image .

Sample 1815:
Reference: scipio wrapper around objectwrapper . wrap in case extra logic is needed .
Candidate: scipio wrapper around objectwrapper . wrap in case extra logic is needed .

Sample 1816:
Reference: return the number of data schemes in the filter .
Candidate: return the number of data schemes in the filter .

Sample 1817:
Reference: generates the instruction to load the given method argument on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to load the given method argument on the stack .

Sample 1818:
Reference: tells whether this stream supports the mark operation which it does .
Candidate: tell whether this stream supports the mark operation .

Sample 1819:
Reference: returns true if the position is for the last item in itemlist false otherwise .
Candidate: indicates whether the item is pointing to the last position of the buffer . otherwise .

Sample 1820:
Reference: create a new floatbuffer of an appropriate size to hold the specified number of vector f object data only if the given buffer if not already the right size .
Candidate: creates a new floatbuffer of the given size to hold the specified size vector as vector if the given buffer if not already the right size .

Sample 1821:
Reference: return if nullable is null should never happen .
Candidate: check if the current is is null or not .

Sample 1822:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 1823:
Reference: you cannot enter the private channel as it is full .
Candidate: you have been kicked out of the alliance .

Sample 1824:
Reference: will be called on each triplepattern .
Candidate: called when the expression is detected by a new expression .

Sample 1825:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the name feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the name feature .

Sample 1826:
Reference: positions the scan so that the current record has the specified record id .
Candidate: positions the current record as specified in the specified record .

Sample 1827:
Reference: post initialization hook reads keyframe metadata and decodes header if any .
Candidate: do the <UNK> basic method if any of the classifiers have already been .

Sample 1828:
Reference: returns a continuous representation of the distribution if there is no conditional variables in the distribution .
Candidate: returns a continuous representation of the distribution .

Sample 1829:
Reference: flush the current write set through to the backing channel .
Candidate: flushes the queue i . e .

Sample 1830:
Reference: makes the crosshairs visible .
Candidate: makes the crosshairs visible .

Sample 1831:
Reference: creates a sheep for the orcs to target
Candidate: a npc for <UNK> .

Sample 1832:
Reference: method called when reacting to the event .
Candidate: method called when reacting to the event .

Sample 1833:
Reference: inserta el registro en la tabla
Candidate: insert el valor por la <UNK>

Sample 1834:
Reference: returns true if the array contains this integer value .
Candidate: returns true if this array contains the given value .

Sample 1835:
Reference: add a type id that has come from a remote member .
Candidate: adds a currently type type to the container .

Sample 1836:
Reference: visits the given type specific ast node .
Candidate: visits the given type specific ast node .

Sample 1837:
Reference: prints a message at debug priority .
Candidate: prints a message at debug priority .

Sample 1838:
Reference: if the bigdecimal obj is greater than or egual to obj then it returns false
Candidate: check if the two <UNK> is is good enough and is an <UNK> to use .

Sample 1839:
Reference: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .
Candidate: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .

Sample 1840:
Reference: create a query object representing the given query parameters .
Candidate: create a query object representing the given query parameters .

Sample 1841:
Reference: sign part of the xml document referred by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
Candidate: sign part of the xml document referred by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes

Sample 1842:
Reference: indicates whether the format converter supports conversion to the specified target format encoding .
Candidate: indicates whether the format converter supports conversion to the specified target format encoding .

Sample 1843:
Reference: search query result to property .
Candidate: return the default type .

Sample 1844:
Reference: checks whether the cleaner is running .
Candidate: ensures that the interrupt the the main thread is still running .

Sample 1845:
Reference: optionally call this method if you want javafx initialized and the browser window opened immediately .
Candidate: initializes the state of the browser .

Sample 1846:
Reference: evaluate the tangent of a single parameter .
Candidate: evaluate the cotangent of a single single parameter .

Sample 1847:
Reference: set the current graph in which to add new statements to the supplied named graph .
Candidate: set the current graph in which to to to new statements to the default graph .

Sample 1848:
Reference: constructs a tableswitchstmt expr int int list of unit stmt grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a tableswitchstmt immediate int int list of unit stmt grammar chunk .

Sample 1849:
Reference: main housekeeping tasks .
Candidate: runs running <UNK> and removes any exceptions to the running <UNK> .

Sample 1850:
Reference: chooses a suitable subset from a number of video formats to be rendered on the device s default display .
Candidate: selects the video limitation of the screenshots of the container and formats them to the default locale .

Sample 1851:
Reference: destroy the mutex and free the memory associated with the lock .
Candidate: destroy the mutex and free the memory associated with the lock .

Sample 1852:
Reference: create a client socket connected to the specified host and port .
Candidate: creates a client socket connected to the specified host and port .

Sample 1853:
Reference: set the key data type .
Candidate: set the key data type .

Sample 1854:
Reference: skips the input matching one or more space characters .
Candidate: skips the input matching one or more space characters .

Sample 1855:
Reference: splits on whitespace s .
Candidate: splits on whitespace s .

Sample 1856:
Reference: writes the hcards to a string .
Candidate: writes the vcards to a collection .

Sample 1857:
Reference: check to see if a given screen id exists .
Candidate: check to see if a given screen id exists .

Sample 1858:
Reference: save export the current plot .
Candidate: save export the current plot .

Sample 1859:
Reference: returns a text representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a text representation of this object .

Sample 1860:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 1861:
Reference: initializeacl pacl pacl dword nacllength dword dwaclrevision
Candidate: <UNK> this function for the specified native key

Sample 1862:
Reference: seeking in opus file
Candidate: returns the native javascript file from the cache of a word .

Sample 1863:
Reference: initializes the upgrade step during which it determines what sort of changes needs to be applied to the configurationif any .
Candidate: performs this configuration for .

Sample 1864:
Reference: this method determines whether all endpoints are included .
Candidate: determines whether the endpoint should be included in all directions .

Sample 1865:
Reference: returns the device release number in binary coded decimal .
Candidate: return the id of the native <UNK> device to

Sample 1866:
Reference: called when a sliding pane s position changes .
Candidate: called when a sliding pane s position changes .

Sample 1867:
Reference: test if all answers were readonly votes .
Candidate: tests if all read of the read message to be processed by this round .

Sample 1868:
Reference: v between and .
Candidate: returns the value from the given interval .

Sample 1869:
Reference: replaces the value of a counter .
Candidate: replaces the counter of a a value in this attribute time .

Sample 1870:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 1871:
Reference: per vmax spec or null limit indicates unlimited value .
Candidate: check if the limit is a leap limit to the <UNK> .

Sample 1872:
Reference: add elements to the collection
Candidate: adds all elements elements from the elements of this list .

Sample 1873:
Reference: validate the iqn port name .
Candidate: returns whether the given port name is valid to <UNK> .

Sample 1874:
Reference: returns the ucs character previously parsed .
Candidate: returns the ucs character previously parsed .

Sample 1875:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1876:
Reference: move the clock forward one clock interval .
Candidate: this method updates the current forward and updates the internal state .

Sample 1877:
Reference: creates the data array for a stat request .
Candidate: create a base file as a byte array that should be used as a properties .

Sample 1878:
Reference: called when the search is complete .
Candidate: called when the search is complete .

Sample 1879:
Reference: current soft limit in bytes on the rss of the process see the description of rlimit rss in getrlimit .
Candidate: current soft limit in bytes on the rss of the process the description of rlimit rss in getrlimit .

Sample 1880:
Reference: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
Candidate: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .

Sample 1881:
Reference: sets your alerts on to a keyword .
Candidate: sets your alerts on .

Sample 1882:
Reference: register flag for restricting records to be processed .
Candidate: not register <UNK> phone number of the <UNK> .

Sample 1883:
Reference: removes all items from the jcombobox .
Candidate: clear all combo box .

Sample 1884:
Reference: highlights the value at the given x position in the given dataset .
Candidate: highlights the value at the given x position in the given dataset .

Sample 1885:
Reference: sends the install notification and then opens the nexturl if they are provided .
Candidate: sends the install notification and then opens the <UNK> if they are provided .

Sample 1886:
Reference: construct an uninitializedmessageexception reporting missing fields in the given message .
Candidate: construct an uninitializedmessageexception reporting missing fields in the given message .

Sample 1887:
Reference: this method is used to remove a previously added tab from the main burp suite window .
Candidate: this method is used to remove a previously added tab from the main burp suite window .

Sample 1888:
Reference: check if operating system matches with a given operating system name br
Candidate: checks whether the current operating system matches the given name .

Sample 1889:
Reference: enters a new lexical state
Candidate: enters a new lexical state

Sample 1890:
Reference: returns false if any value is nan .
Candidate: returns false if any value is nan .

Sample 1891:
Reference: main class to run this example such as from your java editor
Candidate: main class to run this example such as from your java editor

Sample 1892:
Reference: parses a notation declaration .
Candidate: <UNK> out the alignment xml and free ids to the resources .

Sample 1893:
Reference: creates a new mount for this equipment and adds it in .
Candidate: creates a new mount for this account

Sample 1894:
Reference: delete favorite from favorite channel list make it as searched station
Candidate: delete an favorite from the channel list

Sample 1895:
Reference: tests whether coordinate c is located left of the infinite vector that runs through c and c
Candidate: tests whether coordinate c is located left of the infinite vector that runs through c and c

Sample 1896:
Reference: converts this node into a serialized form
Candidate: returns a copy of the <UNK> node in a dot node .

Sample 1897:
Reference: places quotes around a string
Candidate: return double quoted string in double quotes .

Sample 1898:
Reference: whether this entry is hot .
Candidate: whether this entry is hot .

Sample 1899:
Reference: calculates the sum of all y values in all datasets
Candidate: calculates the sum of all y values in all datasets

Sample 1900:
Reference: computes the result for a double value .
Candidate: computes the result for a input value value .

Sample 1901:
Reference: removes and returns the item most recently added to this stack .
Candidate: removes and returns the item most recently added to this stack .

Sample 1902:
Reference: reset the list of sourcetree objects that this manager manages .
Candidate: reset the list of sourcetree objects that this manager manages .

Sample 1903:
Reference: returns the car part of the list .
Candidate: returns the car part of the list .

Sample 1904:
Reference: register one global complex type
Candidate: register one global type variables

Sample 1905:
Reference: returns whether it has the type of text construct typically text html or xhtml .
Candidate: returns whether it has the type type .

Sample 1906:
Reference: common configuration for xtremio validators .
Candidate: allow the <UNK> of to validate the and set the additional log .

Sample 1907:
Reference: the address of the remote service for google devices .
Candidate: set the <UNK> to be used for the <UNK> endpoint .

Sample 1908:
Reference: invoked after the database name string of the database changed .
Candidate: invoked after the name of the given changed .

Sample 1909:
Reference: sent when value is changed in a property .
Candidate: called when the property of the property has changed

Sample 1910:
Reference: constructs a new loader instance using the given catalog .
Candidate: creates a new class with the given id as a child folder .

Sample 1911:
Reference: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .
Candidate: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .

Sample 1912:
Reference: wraps a closeableiteration coming from a sail in a repositoryresult object applying the required conversions
Candidate: creates a repositoryresult for the supplied element set .

Sample 1913:
Reference: creates a new size based on this size but with a different width
Candidate: creates a new grid containing with the dimensions of the data

Sample 1914:
Reference: adds a data point to this scope .
Candidate: add a statistic to the given name and add it to the the .

Sample 1915:
Reference: this service is used to transfer a subscription and its monitored items from one session to another .
Candidate: transfers a client to be used to each more of the subscriptions to the client s session .

Sample 1916:
Reference: returns true if the graph allows drop into other cells .
Candidate: used to temporarily disable certain drop targets

Sample 1917:
Reference: returns an xmlelement containing links to the given subpages appearing in the order in which they appear in the list .
Candidate: creates an xmlelement containing the <UNK> info in the same in .

Sample 1918:
Reference: add an overlay to the panel .
Candidate: add an overlay to the mappanel .

Sample 1919:
Reference: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .
Candidate: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .

Sample 1920:
Reference: performs some actions when user click on entry .
Candidate: called when a user is clicked on remove button .

Sample 1921:
Reference: main function allows simulation to be run in stand alone non gui mode
Candidate: main function to be the launcher of the command line .

Sample 1922:
Reference: remove a rtcp event listener
Candidate: remove a rtcp event listener

Sample 1923:
Reference: disconnect from the network controller .
Candidate: disconnect to the network and the the specified network .

Sample 1924:
Reference: removes the sticky event if it equals to the given event on the local event bus only
Candidate: clear the the event for the sticky event event and only the local event on local

Sample 1925:
Reference: returns int with given bytes in it .
Candidate: returns int from given byte with it .

Sample 1926:
Reference: log a fatal message with a throwable .
Candidate: log a fatal message with a throwable .

Sample 1927:
Reference: indicates if the values in this column are read only .
Candidate: indicates if ths lucenesearcher is read only .

Sample 1928:
Reference: resets the indicator outline view .
Candidate: reset the output handler for the to the input data .

Sample 1929:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1930:
Reference: cancels execution of a cloudlet .
Candidate: cancels execution of a cloudlet .

Sample 1931:
Reference: get the type that has been computed during a speculative attribution round
Candidate: return the <UNK> type for a <UNK> method .

Sample 1932:
Reference: the handler should set the xlink href tag and return a transform
Candidate: the handler should set the xlink href and return a transform .

Sample 1933:
Reference: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .
Candidate: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .

Sample 1934:
Reference: generates an asymmetric key pair in the android keystore .
Candidate: generates an asymmetric key pair in the android keystore .

Sample 1935:
Reference: sets number of misses .
Candidate: gets total number of misses for the owning entity and cache .

Sample 1936:
Reference: this will be called upon reading portions of the chunk if in process mode
Candidate: processes the chunk to fill the chunk of the specified data .

Sample 1937:
Reference: update the media storage
Candidate: update the media storage

Sample 1938:
Reference: launches a background dns query for a given url if the data reduction proxy is not in use .
Candidate: notify the <UNK> to a url if the specified url is allowed to be started .

Sample 1939:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 1940:
Reference: close this stream .
Candidate: releases any resources associated with this ldif writer implementation .

Sample 1941:
Reference: parse the given request for eliciting an authentication data .
Candidate: parse an information on a request in this application .

Sample 1942:
Reference: gets whether there has been a position change between the two locations .
Candidate: determine if the mouse has moved .

Sample 1943:
Reference: marshals a value type to the output stream .
Candidate: marshals a value type to the output stream .

Sample 1944:
Reference: put or replace a double value .
Candidate: put or replace a double value .

Sample 1945:
Reference: returns a snapshot of the calls currently awaiting execution .
Candidate: returns a snapshot of the executor who would be executed when the process is executed .

Sample 1946:
Reference: edits a local comment which is associated to this function node .
Candidate: edits a local function comment the the list of instruction comments .

Sample 1947:
Reference: cast a object to a double object reference type
Candidate: cast a object to a double object reference type

Sample 1948:
Reference: removes multiple annotations from the type .
Candidate: removes all vertices of an entity type .

Sample 1949:
Reference: returns if request was completed with error code or failure of implementation
Candidate: returns if request was completed with error code or failure of implementation

Sample 1950:
Reference: returns a clone of this value .
Candidate: clones this acl entry .

Sample 1951:
Reference: called when corresponding fragment popped out from back history
Candidate: called when the user wants to finally out of the screen .

Sample 1952:
Reference: emits the next part of the skeleton
Candidate: emits the next part of the skeleton

Sample 1953:
Reference: creates the dataeventsession configuration .
Candidate: create the session session info for the session .

Sample 1954:
Reference: returns true if the chart is set to draw each end of a pie slice rounded .
Candidate: returns true if the chart is set to draw each end of a pie slice rounded .

Sample 1955:
Reference: delete server info in database
Candidate: delete the server from the servers

Sample 1956:
Reference: find product types by name .
Candidate: find all types types by a name attribute .

Sample 1957:
Reference: returns whether the given xml attribute is animatable .
Candidate: returns whether the given xml cell is animatable .

Sample 1958:
Reference: map a type to the same type .
Candidate: map type type to a new classloader to new new

Sample 1959:
Reference: store the specified of the specified javabean .
Candidate: print the attribute of the given attribute and if it is the given value .

Sample 1960:
Reference: functional method that will throw exceptions .
Candidate: functional method that will throw exceptions .

Sample 1961:
Reference: get the specified file s stats .
Candidate: get the specified file name from the specified file .

Sample 1962:
Reference: create directory that is optionally cleaned up after the jvm shuts down through use of a runtime shutdown hook .
Candidate: create directory temporary directory to use after a jvm shuts down through use of a runtime classpath use .

Sample 1963:
Reference: clear the last received headers value .
Candidate: clear the last received headers .

Sample 1964:
Reference: return string representation of the eat action for animal
Candidate: return string representation of the eat action for animal

Sample 1965:
Reference: clear the list of peeked keys .
Candidate: resets the last tracking of the <UNK> to .

Sample 1966:
Reference: updates the composite to display the not available info .
Candidate: show the data available tracking the size of

Sample 1967:
Reference: appends a sorted operation to the provided stream .
Candidate: appends a sorted operation to the provided stream .

Sample 1968:
Reference: force a load if it makes sense for the group .
Candidate: force a load if it makes sense for the group .

Sample 1969:
Reference: indicates whether current os is solaris on spark box .
Candidate: indicates whether current os is solaris to <UNK> .

Sample 1970:
Reference: method is used internally for starting default activity or activity added in delegate
Candidate: method finds starting default activity for activity or activity added in delegate

Sample 1971:
Reference: called when the media file is ready for playback .
Candidate: called when the media file is ready for playback .

Sample 1972:
Reference: get the javacmessages instance for this context .
Candidate: get the <UNK> instance for this context .

Sample 1973:
Reference: calculates bar width based on the distance of two horizontal labels .
Candidate: calculates bar width based on the distance of two horizontal labels .

Sample 1974:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 1975:
Reference: read an integer value in the registry
Candidate: read an integer value .

Sample 1976:
Reference: reads a variable length unsigned leb value .
Candidate: reads a variable length unsigned leb value .

Sample 1977:
Reference: adds a child node .
Candidate: add a child node .

Sample 1978:
Reference: get the cache control header from the response
Candidate: get the cache control header from the response

Sample 1979:
Reference: creates a run configuration for running a xt file .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> instance to create a <UNK> file with the specified config file

Sample 1980:
Reference: returns true if this dataset is visible inside the chart or false if it is currently hidden .
Candidate: checks whether this preference should be visible to the user in the list .

Sample 1981:
Reference: adds a new accept string .
Candidate: adds a new accept element .

Sample 1982:
Reference: removes an archive description .
Candidate: removes the specified archive from the archive registry .

Sample 1983:
Reference: contexts typerefwithoutmodifiers returns functiontypeexpression functiontypeexpressionold returns functiontypeexpression constraint declaredthistype typereffunctiontypeexpression ?
Candidate: contexts typerefwithoutmodifiers returns functiontypeexpression functiontypeexpressionold returns functiontypeexpression constraint declaredthistype typereffunctiontypeexpression ?

Sample 1984:
Reference: pack file without compression
Candidate: renames file file <UNK> to file system and only if the target file .

Sample 1985:
Reference: this method can be used to send data to the comparer tool .
Candidate: this method can be used to send data to the comparer tool .

Sample 1986:
Reference: must already include existing damage to the unit .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> even if the unit <UNK> is changed

Sample 1987:
Reference: checks whether the graph argument is null and throws if it is .
Candidate: checks whether the graph argument is null and throws if it is .

Sample 1988:
Reference: tells whether the given cascaded property value was inherited from it s parent or set locally .
Candidate: tells whether the given property value is a inherited .

Sample 1989:
Reference: returns the string of this instance
Candidate: returns the string of this instance

Sample 1990:
Reference: returns the size maximum degree of this polynomialgf n .
Candidate: returns the number of elements currently stored in the priorityqueue .

Sample 1991:
Reference: prompt the user to make a choice from an allowed list of values .
Candidate: read a string and return string if any values have a string .

Sample 1992:
Reference: restores a backup set from the given directory .
Candidate: restore a directory s file for a given directory .

Sample 1993:
Reference: ensure that the core definitions from the passed in coredescriptors are not available for discovery
Candidate: ensure that the core definitions from the passed in coredescriptors are not available for discovery

Sample 1994:
Reference: undo the last undoable action on the top of the bookmark undo stack
Candidate: undo the last undoable action on the top of the bookmark undo stack

Sample 1995:
Reference: method to be overriden receives as much of file as possible called when the file is considered failure or if there is error when retrieving file
Candidate: method to be overriden receives as much of file as possible called when the file is considered failure or if there is error when retrieving file

Sample 1996:
Reference: displays the geometry s bounding volume .
Candidate: render the dimension controls to the <UNK> of the provided faces context .

Sample 1997:
Reference: tests whether or not this runnable is finished .
Candidate: tests if this process has completed .

Sample 1998:
Reference: replace the value on the top of the stack with the given value .
Candidate: replace the value on the top of the stack with the given value .

Sample 1999:
Reference: updates the selectgamedialog with the search result returned from the api .
Candidate: notify when a user is about to search and confirm the of games .

Sample 2000:
Reference: returns the first byte in the array list
Candidate: returns the first byte in the list list

Sample 2001:
Reference: todo build cumulative distribution function .
Candidate: creates a new unparented terminal vector for the specified dimensions .

Sample 2002:
Reference: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .
Candidate: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .

Sample 2003:
Reference: indicates that a response message was just received from the network but the body has not yet been read .
Candidate: indicates that a response message was just received from the network but the body has not yet been read .

Sample 2004:
Reference: turn on google feedback error reporting for the pluginid provided .
Candidate: called when a new error message has been printed to the log .

Sample 2005:
Reference: iterates over the contents of an object or collection and checks whether a predicate is valid for at least one element .
Candidate: determines whether any closure satisfies a set closure .

Sample 2006:
Reference: closes this cache .
Candidate: closes this cache .

Sample 2007:
Reference: overidden string to display priority in human readable form .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .

Sample 2008:
Reference: gets whether the updatemanager is currently running
Candidate: return whether the stop watch is currently running .

Sample 2009:
Reference: returns true if there is high level sink source info on the method .
Candidate: returns whether if there is a info flow info to the <UNK>

Sample 2010:
Reference: deletes a the byte array used to store the exception information .
Candidate: deletes a the byte array used to store the exception information .

Sample 2011:
Reference: exports this node to the given document .
Candidate: exports this node to the given document .

Sample 2012:
Reference: perform may happen in parallel analysis perform a may happen in parallel analysis .
Candidate: perform may happen in parallel analysis perform a may happen in parallel analysis .

Sample 2013:
Reference: notifies a specific observer always notifies the observer and doesn t save results in last call
Candidate: notifies the observer of a mock client to make it the pending data .

Sample 2014:
Reference: sends the supplied message to the log panel status line .
Candidate: sends the supplied message to the status line .

Sample 2015:
Reference: returns the tile that belongs to a certain position of the grid
Candidate: returns the non transformed tile by a certain amount of the grid

Sample 2016:
Reference: returns true if the supplied plain text field matches the supplied stored field after being encoded and compared false otherwise .
Candidate: returns whether the given field name matches the same name as opposed to the declared field .

Sample 2017:
Reference: enables or disables logging
Candidate: sets a log attribute .

Sample 2018:
Reference: linearly interpolates a double value from start to end for given progress
Candidate: linearly point between start and end between by b .

Sample 2019:
Reference: reads the named field and returns its value .
Candidate: reads the named field and returns its value .

Sample 2020:
Reference: releases the player .
Candidate: releases this client . decreasing reservations .

Sample 2021:
Reference: triggered when the user selects to refine one of the omnibox suggestions .
Candidate: triggered when the user selects to refine one of the omnibox suggestions .

Sample 2022:
Reference: called when a cell receives a click event .
Candidate: notification when the mouse clicks on a cell of this filter .

Sample 2023:
Reference: checks this event to determine whether or not the service being revoked is of a particular class .
Candidate: indicates whether a service service is supported for the specified service .

Sample 2024:
Reference: deselects a feature from a vector layer .
Candidate: connects the selection feature vector for the vector number of a feature .

Sample 2025:
Reference: return the first letter of the property specified by propname .
Candidate: returns a <UNK> from from the given properties object .

Sample 2026:
Reference: start the configuration engine .
Candidate: initialize the default <UNK> and therefore the app is mostly for a .

Sample 2027:
Reference: adds common component to the parser configuration .
Candidate: adds common component to the parser configuration .

Sample 2028:
Reference: pauses the recording track .
Candidate: pauses the track track .

Sample 2029:
Reference: returns true if running on system containing at least . .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is a positive amp error to be used .

Sample 2030:
Reference: checks if the paint is clear .
Candidate: checks if the paint is clear clear in the paint window .

Sample 2031:
Reference: returns an immutable requested authentication context object .
Candidate: returns an immutable requested authentication context object .

Sample 2032:
Reference: enables or disables save button .
Candidate: enables or disables save button .

Sample 2033:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 2034:
Reference: remove delete the specified monitor
Candidate: remove a preference associated with the passed in and remove the label

Sample 2035:
Reference: writes out a header entry to the response output stream appending r n .
Candidate: writes the header to start adding a new output document .

Sample 2036:
Reference: invoke to tell listeners that an atomic test failed .
Candidate: fires the failure failure so the method got failed .

Sample 2037:
Reference: changes this client s account s avatar .
Candidate: changes the underlying image of this guild .

Sample 2038:
Reference: creates the new sld .
Candidate: creates the new sld .

Sample 2039:
Reference: sets the interval after which an unacknowledged heartbeat will cause the connection to be considered faulted and disconnect .
Candidate: specifies the an timeout from an an interval which will cause the connection to .

Sample 2040:
Reference: used by tests to force everything out to disk .
Candidate: forces all flush entries to the underlying

Sample 2041:
Reference: creates a new instance of this gesture detector .
Candidate: creates a new instance of this gesture detector .

Sample 2042:
Reference: returns a hash code for this parseposition .
Candidate: return a hash value for this parseposition .

Sample 2043:
Reference: allow the panel to slide
Candidate: if the layout layout is created in the layout of which the is scrollable

Sample 2044:
Reference: checks whether a token can be redeemed but does not actually redeem it .
Candidate: check if the token is a <UNK> token with the correct token

Sample 2045:
Reference: handle a selectablechannel when it is writable
Candidate: called after a write channel is available for the channel .

Sample 2046:
Reference: return the boolean value for this boolean
Candidate: returns the value of this boolean object as a boolean primitive .

Sample 2047:
Reference: callback method called after opencv library initialization .
Candidate: callback method called after opencv library initialization .

Sample 2048:
Reference: makes sure the nal has a header or not .
Candidate: makes sure the nal has a header or not .

Sample 2049:
Reference: market delivery cities if only one country is specified
Candidate: market delivery cities if only one country is specified

Sample 2050:
Reference: will attempt to cancel this task .
Candidate: this method allows the scan queue item to be canceled .

Sample 2051:
Reference: called when the mouse is released over the hotspot in the world window .
Candidate: invoked when the mouse is released on the filter panel .

Sample 2052:
Reference: return true if we should ignore this class for stats gathering .
Candidate: return true if the class is looking for the class as opposed to the collected .

Sample 2053:
Reference: called when a view created by this view holder has been attached to a window .
Candidate: called when a view created by the adapter has been attached to a window .

Sample 2054:
Reference: on key down boolean .
Candidate: key menu key handler

Sample 2055:
Reference: add trailer to the outgoing byte stream .
Candidate: add trailer to the outgoing byte stream .

Sample 2056:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 2057:
Reference: adds a child at the first place
Candidate: method to the the parent child to the parent of the given parent .

Sample 2058:
Reference: city name in a string .
Candidate: users separated from a users that lead to .

Sample 2059:
Reference: removes a listener for table column model events .
Candidate: removes a listener for table column model events .

Sample 2060:
Reference: the number of symbols after an error we much match to consider it recovered from .
Candidate: the number of symbols after an error we much match to consider it recovered from .

Sample 2061:
Reference: returns true as unidexing is supported by this class .
Candidate: returns false as unindexing values is not currently supported .

Sample 2062:
Reference: append an int value .
Candidate: append an int value .

Sample 2063:
Reference: begin is not supported by level jcr implementations however we refresh the session
Candidate: begin is not supported by level jcr implementations however we do not

Sample 2064:
Reference: writes a checkpoint based on the current state of a samza stream partition .
Candidate: writes the checkpoint manager to write its time for a specific samza stream partition .

Sample 2065:
Reference: just ensure that this class gets loaded .
Candidate: just ensure that this class gets loaded .

Sample 2066:
Reference: returns the hash code for this policyinformation .
Candidate: returns the hashcode code for the <UNK> object .

Sample 2067:
Reference: clears the current session .
Candidate: clear the quorum token . token .

Sample 2068:
Reference: wraps the user specified group in a sequential group .
Candidate: wraps the user a group in a sequential group .

Sample 2069:
Reference: append an object value .
Candidate: append an object value .

Sample 2070:
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .

Sample 2071:
Reference: get foreign currency account .
Candidate: is foreign endpoint account .

Sample 2072:
Reference: shortcut for checking if a string parameter has a given value
Candidate: check if the parameter is a parameter type with the given id

Sample 2073:
Reference: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .
Candidate: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .

Sample 2074:
Reference: removes all elements from the receiver .
Candidate: removes all the variables .

Sample 2075:
Reference: increases version by one
Candidate: updates the version and version of the server .

Sample 2076:
Reference: write a jvm thread dump .
Candidate: prints the thread information information to the given writer .

Sample 2077:
Reference: saving image in png to byte array with specific quality
Candidate: saving image in png to

Sample 2078:
Reference: convenience function to snap the left position
Candidate: this method is zero left for top level functions

Sample 2079:
Reference: creates the jxl workbook .
Candidate: creates the validation fakesite to the <UNK> file and writes them to the default directory .

Sample 2080:
Reference: provides a reorderer to properly reverse rtl text .
Candidate: provides an <UNK> to use for the <UNK> and use <UNK> to .

Sample 2081:
Reference: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 2082:
Reference: returns the leading joins as a string suitable for serializing .
Candidate: returns the last dimension order of the path with for the .

Sample 2083:
Reference: performs a query to the solr server
Candidate: performs a query to the solr server

Sample 2084:
Reference: compare the patch apk to the apk which package name is ctx . getpackagename
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is is a valid <UNK> file and the sandbox .

Sample 2085:
Reference: depth first traversal to find all psicodeblock children .
Candidate: collects the blocks of the block nodes in the list of elements .

Sample 2086:
Reference: write a byte to the specified index of this buffer without changing the position .
Candidate: write a byte to the specified index of this buffer without changing the position .

Sample 2087:
Reference: turn the path buffer into an svg element .
Candidate: turn the path buffer into an svg vector .

Sample 2088:
Reference: maps a library name into a platform specific string representing a native library .
Candidate: maps a library name into a platform specific string representing a native library .

Sample 2089:
Reference: transfers node if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait .
Candidate: transfers node if necessary to sync queue after a cancelled wait .

Sample 2090:
Reference: removes all objects from this set that are not contained in the specified collection .
Candidate: removes all objects from this set that are not contained in the specified collection .

Sample 2091:
Reference: defines the label of the next button
Candidate: defines the label state of the next button

Sample 2092:
Reference: caches the foos in the entity cache if it is enabled .
Candidate: caches the foos in the entity cache if it is enabled .

Sample 2093:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2094:
Reference: ensures that a string passed as an argument to the calling method is not null or length .
Candidate: ensures that a string passed as an argument to the calling method is not null or length .

Sample 2095:
Reference: generates a pop instruction .
Candidate: generates a pop instruction .

Sample 2096:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 2097:
Reference: asserts that the given target storage entity has valid attributes .
Candidate: assert that a virtual memory entity is valid to use of the repository .

Sample 2098:
Reference: initialize optimus helper class
Candidate: sets the shared int value to the current <UNK> and associates it

Sample 2099:
Reference: add a value and return the result .
Candidate: add a value and return the result .

Sample 2100:
Reference: extend this to implement tracing etc .
Candidate: lets the new <UNK> rule is to the <UNK> .

Sample 2101:
Reference: determines whether a special shape is defined for this task .
Candidate: returns true if the shape is <UNK> to be rendered using the default shape .

Sample 2102:
Reference: define a feedback mail only used for rating feedback logic
Candidate: define the usage of the email addresses to be used in the gemfire log .

Sample 2103:
Reference: returns the matching part of the uri .
Candidate: return the part path with the mountpoint removed .

Sample 2104:
Reference: deregisters an object so that it no longer receives notification of changes to the strategyrule .
Candidate: removes an message listener so that it no longer receives a notification of changes to the .

Sample 2105:
Reference: lightweight method to init the api instance .
Candidate: init copy of the atom api .

Sample 2106:
Reference: handler for user clicks .
Candidate: when the click event is clicked on the tag .

Sample 2107:
Reference: parse this event source with the given xml handler .
Candidate: parses an event handler .

Sample 2108:
Reference: mouse handler on mouse press
Candidate: called when the mouse is pointing to the view .

Sample 2109:
Reference: called whenever the user logs in .
Candidate: a method is called when a user has logged in .

Sample 2110:
Reference: return a list of all matching patterns or break .
Candidate: returns a query that is selecting all query .

Sample 2111:
Reference: called when the document change is rejected .
Candidate: notify when user interface interface .

Sample 2112:
Reference: end the scope of a prefix uri namespace mapping .
Candidate: end the scope of a prefix namespace namespace mapping .

Sample 2113:
Reference: disconnect from the server
Candidate: disconnect from the server

Sample 2114:
Reference: this method should try and build one or more nodes in the table .
Candidate: this method should try and build one or more nodes in the table .

Sample 2115:
Reference: translates the specified secret key into an instance of the corresponding key from the provider of this key factory .
Candidate: translates the specified secret key into an instance of the corresponding key from the provider of this key factory .

Sample 2116:
Reference: sets the payload protocol identifier .
Candidate: return the protocol of the parent to be reused .

Sample 2117:
Reference: this method will be used to get the sorted row
Candidate: this method to be used to get the sorted row

Sample 2118:
Reference: creates a route builder using the specified router .
Candidate: creates a new route builder to the resource router .

Sample 2119:
Reference: prepares for the next retry by applying a backoff to the timeout .
Candidate: prepares for the next retry by applying a backoff to the timeout .

Sample 2120:
Reference: remove a property change listener
Candidate: remove a property change listener

Sample 2121:
Reference: set label to product or bp name
Candidate: set label to product or bp name

Sample 2122:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2123:
Reference: creates a builder for a clearable scope .
Candidate: returns a builder to associate a scope .

Sample 2124:
Reference: returns a new sha messagedigest instance .
Candidate: creates the new digest messages .

Sample 2125:
Reference: removes a packet interceptor .
Candidate: remove packets interceptor to this object .

Sample 2126:
Reference: the callback when the item enters augmented full screen state .
Candidate: called when the filmstrip has no ui for the screen .

Sample 2127:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2128:
Reference: asserts that an element contains a text .
Candidate: asserts that the element is not inside the bounds of this marker .

Sample 2129:
Reference: notify that the input has been released .
Candidate: notify that the input has been released .

Sample 2130:
Reference: returns an intlist identical to l but with each element incremented by x . l is not allowed to change .
Candidate: returns an intlist identical to l but with each element incremented by x . l is not allowed to change .

Sample 2131:
Reference: process a reply to a poll of sensors of one node
Candidate: process a reply to a poll of sensors of one node

Sample 2132:
Reference: verifies that the last call to readtag returned the given tag value .
Candidate: verifies that the last call to readtag returned the given tag value .

Sample 2133:
Reference: returns map containing the given entries .
Candidate: instantiates new builder containing an existing key .

Sample 2134:
Reference: sets request processing error message .
Candidate: report request processing request to be sent .

Sample 2135:
Reference: computes the function of current and new value .
Candidate: computes the function of current and new value .

Sample 2136:
Reference: returns true if this stream was created by this peer .
Candidate: returns true if this stream was created by this peer .

Sample 2137:
Reference: shortcut method to parse and deploy a single module from a string text buffer .
Candidate: parse method to parse and deploy a single module from a source module .

Sample 2138:
Reference: sets the default buffer size to use for the persistent subscription .
Candidate: sets the max number of bytes to be sent for the snapshot .

Sample 2139:
Reference: parses a deployment descriptor provided as input stream .
Candidate: parses a deployment descriptor from the input stream and returns the <UNK> of .

Sample 2140:
Reference: append states to the state vector .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> to to the <UNK> list .

Sample 2141:
Reference: create a new xmleventreader from a java . io . inputstream
Candidate: create a new xmleventreader from a java . io . inputstream

Sample 2142:
Reference: make connection to existing portcontroller object .
Candidate: make connection to existing portcontroller object .

Sample 2143:
Reference: returns true if the event has been handled and should not be posted to java .
Candidate: implementation should handle called by the <UNK> method to return the post events .

Sample 2144:
Reference: runs all test cases in this test suite
Candidate: runs the test suite using the textual runner .

Sample 2145:
Reference: records metrics about which types of tiles are displayed .
Candidate: record the <UNK> type metrics for the <UNK> type .

Sample 2146:
Reference: returns the depth of the tree .
Candidate: returns the maximum number of of the <UNK> .

Sample 2147:
Reference: add the given class to the list of interfaces which are directly implemented by this class .
Candidate: add the given class to the list of interfaces which are directly implemented by this class .

Sample 2148:
Reference: retrieves whether inserts made by others are visible .
Candidate: retrieves whether inserts made by others are visible .

Sample 2149:
Reference: adds the step to the chain .
Candidate: returns the steps chain for this library the passed step .

Sample 2150:
Reference: returns whether it has the organization type .
Candidate: returns whether it has the im type .

Sample 2151:
Reference: returns whether the media file will support exif data .
Candidate: returns if the meta data is to be manipulated .

Sample 2152:
Reference: decode mdct window shape flags for all channels .
Candidate: decodes the window paths to the <UNK> of the <UNK> window .

Sample 2153:
Reference: check if idp selection is enabled .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> selection property .

Sample 2154:
Reference: only used by profiling tests
Candidate: returns the tile frames of the <UNK> frame .

Sample 2155:
Reference: returns whether it has the crawl issue crawl type .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 2156:
Reference: add an entry to tail .
Candidate: add a count to the tail who will be moved to the tail triangle .

Sample 2157:
Reference: sets interval in seconds between member config refreshes zero or less turns off auto refreshing .
Candidate: sets interval in seconds between cache config refreshes zero or less turns off auto refreshing .

Sample 2158:
Reference: revokes administrator privileges from users .
Candidate: revokes administrator privileges from a user .

Sample 2159:
Reference: binds host with given id
Candidate: returns the given host with the given id id .

Sample 2160:
Reference: whether to show the ring or not
Candidate: whether to show the ring or not

Sample 2161:
Reference: return whether the signature is valid or not .
Candidate: return whether the signature is valid or not .

Sample 2162:
Reference: number of posts to return .
Candidate: number of news item to return .

Sample 2163:
Reference: returns whether this countdowntimer is currently in a paused state .
Candidate: returns whether this animator is currently in a paused state .

Sample 2164:
Reference: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface
Candidate: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface

Sample 2165:
Reference: indicates whether or not this method takes a variable number argument .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this method takes a variable number argument .

Sample 2166:
Reference: check if two values are equal and if not throw an exception .
Candidate: check if two values are equal and if not throw an exception .

Sample 2167:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2168:
Reference: notifies all listeners that the memory changed .
Candidate: notify listeners about a change in the simulated list .

Sample 2169:
Reference: position at previous data item .
Candidate: returns the previous row of previous data that match the group .

Sample 2170:
Reference: checks if node is participating in deployment .
Candidate: check if any node has a identifier for the given node id .

Sample 2171:
Reference: gets the value of the hotgrowable property .
Candidate: gets the value of the hotgrowable property .

Sample 2172:
Reference: reads the next token from standard input parses it as a long integer and returns the long integer .
Candidate: reads the next token from standard input parses it as a long integer and returns the long integer .

Sample 2173:
Reference: appends a comment to the list of comments associated .
Candidate: helper function forwards a comment to the appropriate list of the contained object .

Sample 2174:
Reference: shows a dialog used to accept input for applying a force to a body .
Candidate: shows a dialog to the input stream using a body to a body is a longer specified .

Sample 2175:
Reference: print a float and then terminate the line .
Candidate: print an integer and then terminate the line .

Sample 2176:
Reference: creates a new yfiles graph node .
Candidate: creates a node node node encounters an instance of a node node .

Sample 2177:
Reference: returns the next element of this enumeration if this enumeration object has at least one more element to provide .
Candidate: returns the next element of this enumeration if this enumeration object has at least one more element to provide .

Sample 2178:
Reference: fires an event indicating that a parent has been removed from the given parent to the given child session node in the session .
Candidate: fires an event indicating that the node has been added to the given parent node in the session .

Sample 2179:
Reference: save the changed keystore to its keystore file .
Candidate: save the server to server . properties file .

Sample 2180:
Reference: dst src aimm and sets condition flags .
Candidate: dst src aimm .

Sample 2181:
Reference: subscribe triggers for a policy
Candidate: subscribes the scaling of a collection of topics that are watching the same policy .

Sample 2182:
Reference: update the name for a specific draweritem identified by its id
Candidate: update the name for a specific draweritem identified by its id

Sample 2183:
Reference: put authorization request into scope .
Candidate: put the authorization resource into scope .

Sample 2184:
Reference: is the source file known ?
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> is a valid file meaning it should be treated as a meta file .

Sample 2185:
Reference: called to display item data at particular position
Candidate: called when a viewholder is a for a section for a section

Sample 2186:
Reference: create specification that indicate request for token issue .
Candidate: extracts the oauth specification id for token renew token .

Sample 2187:
Reference: return if the vertex has a relationship of the type primitive to the target primitive .
Candidate: return if the vertex has a relationship of the type primitive to the target primitive .

Sample 2188:
Reference: is the slot empty ?
Candidate: checks if slot have any elements in the buffer .

Sample 2189:
Reference: returns remaining number of shrink cycles
Candidate: how much remaining <UNK> have to be .

Sample 2190:
Reference: calculates the cosinus of the angle between this line and p other
Candidate: returns an approximation of the cosinus of the angle between the vectors

Sample 2191:
Reference: assuming the specified string represents a byte returns that byte s value .
Candidate: assuming the specified string as a byte byte value the specified radix .

Sample 2192:
Reference: clear the list of files to be compiled and copied . .
Candidate: clear the list of files to be compiled and loading .

Sample 2193:
Reference: logs a message with the specified log level .
Candidate: writes both to to to the log level .

Sample 2194:
Reference: performs the necessary process to destroy this node
Candidate: performs any necessary actions needed to handle the socket .

Sample 2195:
Reference: returns the attribute at the specified indexgets the
Candidate: get the attribute for the given index .

Sample 2196:
Reference: remove the pub gruu value from the parameter list if it exists .
Candidate: remove the temp bar from the <UNK> list of this <UNK> .

Sample 2197:
Reference: returns credentials from dialog .
Candidate: returns the authorization credentials that is a to this client .

Sample 2198:
Reference: hook gives the implementation an opportunity to pop context off of a stack .
Candidate: callback to when expansion is complete

Sample 2199:
Reference: removes a changelistener from the panel
Candidate: removes a changelistener from the panel

Sample 2200:
Reference: creates a double border with the specified thickness and color
Candidate: creates a new border with the specified thickness and color

Sample 2201:
Reference: removes given cq from the cqmap . .
Candidate: removes a cq key from the server .

Sample 2202:
Reference: init java util logging with default format
Candidate: disables the output directory with the selected log

Sample 2203:
Reference: your movement speed has been increased by using skillname .
Candidate: you remains in your movement speed by using skillname .

Sample 2204:
Reference: find tsconfig . json from the folder or parent folder of the given resource .
Candidate: find the <UNK> instance for the given resource .

Sample 2205:
Reference: registers a spring to this basespringsystem so it can be iterated if active .
Candidate: registers a spring from this basespringsystem .

Sample 2206:
Reference: adds a value to the value of this instance .
Candidate: adds a value to the value of this instance .

Sample 2207:
Reference: place a new site into the dt .
Candidate: <UNK> point and y coordinate to the triangle of this triangle .

Sample 2208:
Reference: animates the open closing behaviour of this item .
Candidate: animates the <UNK> to show the specified duration and then wait .

Sample 2209:
Reference: called when a sliding pane s position changes .
Candidate: called when a sliding pane s position changes .

Sample 2210:
Reference: returns true if the capturedevice is currently under control of a client who is or was watching live tv
Candidate: returns the configured device name is used for recording broadcast capturedevice

Sample 2211:
Reference: called when a generic motion event is dispatched to a view .
Candidate: called when the the view wants to react to a hover event .

Sample 2212:
Reference: callback fired once peer connection is closed .
Candidate: am is connection connected than onpeerstatuschanged disconnected ?

Sample 2213:
Reference: browses to a server item using extension points to find a provider who can handle this hopefully version control explorer .
Candidate: refreshes the <UNK> server by telling if the server to show up .

Sample 2214:
Reference: initialize this object for signing .
Candidate: initialize this object for signing .

Sample 2215:
Reference: add a natural cross join
Candidate: add a natural cross join

Sample 2216:
Reference: called when the view containing the hierarchy receives a touch event .
Candidate: allows the controller to handle a touch event .

Sample 2217:
Reference: adds a new series to the list of series .
Candidate: adds a new series to the list of series .

Sample 2218:
Reference: simulates a key press of the specified key .
Candidate: simulates a key press of the specified key .

Sample 2219:
Reference: attempts to set the given slot to the given critical .
Candidate: adds a critical slot to the first slot in the specified slot .

Sample 2220:
Reference: get an iterator over all rows in the index in sorted order .
Candidate: get an iterator over all rows in the index in sorted order .

Sample 2221:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 2222:
Reference: shows the dialog to sign in or up .
Candidate: shows the sign in dialog to using a new user .

Sample 2223:
Reference: export the profiler log to file using the name of the profiler as the filename .
Candidate: exports a mapping to this object .

Sample 2224:
Reference: getter for iseffecttoggled property
Candidate: getter for iseffecttoggled property

Sample 2225:
Reference: returns the number of characters in this string .
Candidate: returns the length character count of this string .

Sample 2226:
Reference: create an instance of cipherdataelement
Candidate: create an instance of cipherdataelement

Sample 2227:
Reference: restore the operationcontext associated with this thread to the value passed in
Candidate: restore the session context to make the <UNK> context from an assured session consumer .

Sample 2228:
Reference: appends astore or wide astore lt n gt
Candidate: appends astore or wide astore lt n gt

Sample 2229:
Reference: add architecture specific register restrictions for a basic block .
Candidate: add the feature manager to use for the <UNK> .

Sample 2230:
Reference: removes all elements from this texture atlas .
Candidate: remove all the image points in this texture cache and disposes of the page .

Sample 2231:
Reference: deregister application user associated with given user and session based user id .
Candidate: deregister all the user with given user and session id .

Sample 2232:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: consumes a new object instance as an instance .

Sample 2233:
Reference: draws the body .
Candidate: draws the body .

Sample 2234:
Reference: creates the root adapter .
Candidate: creates the root adapter .

Sample 2235:
Reference: data byte size of the wave excluding header size
Candidate: returns current size of the wave excluding header content .

Sample 2236:
Reference: decorator for inputstream which allows to convert an xml input stream to sql
Candidate: initializes this stream stream with the same stream as an .

Sample 2237:
Reference: invoked after a graph window was closed .
Candidate: invoked after a window was was closed .

Sample 2238:
Reference: this method indicates the end of a message being consumed .
Candidate: this method is called after the end of a file .

Sample 2239:
Reference: after the game has been left call this .
Candidate: if the user is interested in the <UNK> group before sending a chance to resume the

Sample 2240:
Reference: add a property to include in the computation .
Candidate: add a property to the computation . not . .

Sample 2241:
Reference: add a contact mech to this purpose the contactmechpurposetypeid is required
Candidate: add a contact mech to this purpose the contactmechpurposetypeid is required

Sample 2242:
Reference: moves the service to the next sub stage of the started state .
Candidate: calls the service to the finished action .

Sample 2243:
Reference: utility method to handle logging .
Candidate: utility method to handle logging .

Sample 2244:
Reference: accept license for current user .
Candidate: gets the expected result message which is sent to the <UNK> .

Sample 2245:
Reference: removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this array if it is present .
Candidate: removes the first occurrence of the specified element from this stack if it is present .

Sample 2246:
Reference: has declined your invitation to the mini fortress battle .
Candidate: you have entered the daily fortress battle .

Sample 2247:
Reference: implements the way an aggregator is converted into a string .
Candidate: method to implement this method to add only for the i only boolean .

Sample 2248:
Reference: generates noise for the d coordinates using the specified number of octaves and parameters
Candidate: generates noise for the d coordinates using the specified number of octaves and parameters

Sample 2249:
Reference: returns if the chart point values should be displayed as text .
Candidate: returns if the chart point values should be displayed as text .

Sample 2250:
Reference: n apinotimplementederror retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n apinotimplementederror
Candidate: n retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n

Sample 2251:
Reference: execute an insert statement .
Candidate: insert a statements into the database .

Sample 2252:
Reference: this method is the cons equivalent .
Candidate: constructs a list list that makes a new list of points and this list

Sample 2253:
Reference: returns the length of this string .
Candidate: returns the length of this string .

Sample 2254:
Reference: can statements remain open across rollbacks ?
Candidate: can statements remain open across rollbacks ?

Sample 2255:
Reference: style added to the current breakpoint line .
Candidate: style added to the current breakpoint line .

Sample 2256:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 2257:
Reference: adds business object data status instances created from the list of storage unit entities to the specified list of not available statuses .
Candidate: add a <UNK> object to the <UNK> list of marshalledinstances .

Sample 2258:
Reference: the onsnapshot will be called when the member make a snapshot
Candidate: called when the compression is about to be downloaded in the snapshot .

Sample 2259:
Reference: perform any necessary cleanup operations after program execution .
Candidate: clean up the statement that should be used to execute the cleanup table .

Sample 2260:
Reference: adds an expectation for an issue s line number .
Candidate: adds an expectation for an issue line is equal to the line line . line number .

Sample 2261:
Reference: get system property or environment variable with the given name .
Candidate: returns a function name from the system property with the given name .

Sample 2262:
Reference: pull the latched address out of the int address .
Candidate: ensure an address addresses is sent to the location is not aligned with zeros .

Sample 2263:
Reference: inorder traversal from a subtree
Candidate: inorder traversal from a subtree

Sample 2264:
Reference: an event callback with the actual data object of the event .
Candidate: a callback when a callback execution of a listener .

Sample 2265:
Reference: restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state .
Candidate: resets the mediaplayer to its uninitialized state .

Sample 2266:
Reference: removes the initiators identified by the passed port information from the storage view with the passed name .
Candidate: remove the initiators by the passed storage information from the passed name .

Sample 2267:
Reference: write a byte response to the outputstream .
Candidate: write a string response to the outputstream .

Sample 2268:
Reference: await for executor termination
Candidate: the method execution of a new thread specific amount of time .

Sample 2269:
Reference: method to be called by subclasses when a change animation is done .
Candidate: dispatch the <UNK> state to reflect the state of a nearby item .

Sample 2270:
Reference: messages dragdividerto with the new location for the mouse event .
Candidate: messages dragdividerto with the new location for the mouse event .

Sample 2271:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 2272:
Reference: visits an annotation of the class .
Candidate: visits an annotation of the class .

Sample 2273:
Reference: successfully completes the first run experience .
Candidate: successfully completes the first run experience .

Sample 2274:
Reference: returns the length of this file .
Candidate: retrieve the length of this file .

Sample 2275:
Reference: check if the supplied code point represents a valid start character for a blank node label .
Candidate: indicates if the supplied code point is a valid blank id codes .

Sample 2276:
Reference: open a cursor to iterate over the object store .
Candidate: open a cursor to iterate over the object store .

Sample 2277:
Reference: forward a message to the listeners e . g .
Candidate: forward a message to the listeners e . g .

Sample 2278:
Reference: decodes a base object into its original form .
Candidate: decodes a base object into its original form .

Sample 2279:
Reference: maps a point to a the rowid of the item which intersects that point .
Candidate: maps a point to a the rowid of the item which intersects that point .

Sample 2280:
Reference: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .
Candidate: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .

Sample 2281:
Reference: gets a writer for this file object .
Candidate: gets a writer for this file object .

Sample 2282:
Reference: returns the index of the nth occurance of char c in string str
Candidate: it of the character components in a string that can be parsed .

Sample 2283:
Reference: unregisters a previously registered listener from the eventbus
Candidate: unregister a listener to be sent luckperms events

Sample 2284:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 2285:
Reference: task hook called in bolt every time a tuple gets acked
Candidate: call hook called in bolt every time a tuple gets acked

Sample 2286:
Reference: helper method to add a version information into the header of the outbound soap message .
Candidate: helper method to add a version information into the header of the outbound soap message .

Sample 2287:
Reference: determines if the current device is a tv .
Candidate: returns whether the device is running for this or not .

Sample 2288:
Reference: gets the value of the group property .
Candidate: gets the value of the group property .

Sample 2289:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2290:
Reference: adds an entry into this map .
Candidate: adds an entry into this map .

Sample 2291:
Reference: unsubscribes from changes in the hue of the light .
Candidate: unsubscribes from the hue data for this event .

Sample 2292:
Reference: offers debug info for the termination of the agent .
Candidate: offers debug info for the termination of the agent .

Sample 2293:
Reference: delegates main run loop to outer runworker
Candidate: delegates main run loop to outer runworker

Sample 2294:
Reference: concatenates the saved buffer to the given worddelimiterconcatenation
Candidate: apply the given offset on the datasource and end to the next token .

Sample 2295:
Reference: converte um localdate para timestamp com os horarios zerados ou seja meia noite
Candidate: return timestamp value using a java . util . timestamp .

Sample 2296:
Reference: invoked when the tour is ended .
Candidate: called when the end end .

Sample 2297:
Reference: closes the dcc chat connection .
Candidate: closes the dcc connection to the end of the client side by this client .

Sample 2298:
Reference: returns the number of times oncomplete was called .
Candidate: return the value of the query .

Sample 2299:
Reference: clamp a number between and
Candidate: clamp the given to into a given amount

Sample 2300:
Reference: reads in and returns ioexception that caused serialization to abort .
Candidate: reads in and returns ioexception that caused serialization to abort .

Sample 2301:
Reference: called when session is idle for longer time that is allowed by nio server .
Candidate: called when session did not receive any activity within timeout interval .

Sample 2302:
Reference: removes all items of this adapter
Candidate: removes all items from the dialog .

Sample 2303:
Reference: clears class cache for provided loader .
Candidate: clear the class cache from the cache .

Sample 2304:
Reference: creates an input stream to the given storage source file
Candidate: creates an storage storage input for the given name .

Sample 2305:
Reference: writes metadata token encoded in a long to this bytebuffer starting at the current position .
Candidate: put the quantity as a new <UNK> for the given token .

Sample 2306:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 2307:
Reference: removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
Candidate: removes a propertychangelistener for the listener list .

Sample 2308:
Reference: ititialize resources for a cache
Candidate: initialize method will be called when everything have been changed .

Sample 2309:
Reference: returns the noise function using the current seed .
Candidate: creates a new function to use the <UNK> of a random seed

Sample 2310:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2311:
Reference: opens a new session .
Candidate: open a new session control with the <UNK> object .

Sample 2312:
Reference: gets underlying os version .
Candidate: returns the operating system version

Sample 2313:
Reference: report some unknown issue where the pcapng fails to convert .
Candidate: controls if a read failure was wrong with the error .

Sample 2314:
Reference: indicates whether a border should be painted
Candidate: checks if border is a border menu .

Sample 2315:
Reference: connects to the attached fragment to cast the domoticzfragmentlistener to .
Candidate: connects to the attached fragment to cast the domoticzfragmentlistener to .

Sample 2316:
Reference: removes the specified attribute s values .
Candidate: removes the specific values for the given values values .

Sample 2317:
Reference: logs out error message .
Candidate: writes an error message to

Sample 2318:
Reference: this method is called when an exception is thrown by player .
Candidate: called when an exception was thrown from the static client .

Sample 2319:
Reference: returns whether the supplied entity id is part of a console or not
Candidate: returns whether the supplied id is a help part of a console or

Sample 2320:
Reference: replaces a note with an updated version
Candidate: replaces the given note to the given note .

Sample 2321:
Reference: gets message at the provided index
Candidate: returns the message for this message in the specified byte .

Sample 2322:
Reference: notify the update has finished .
Candidate: notify the update has finished .

Sample 2323:
Reference: register a miss to this cache
Candidate: returns the number of hits value for the cache .

Sample 2324:
Reference: returns point multiplied by given factor .
Candidate: and longitude a point and and longitude .

Sample 2325:
Reference: determines if the current child of this object is selected .
Candidate: determines if the current child of this object is selected .

Sample 2326:
Reference: play previous track in the playlist
Candidate: play previous track in the playlist

Sample 2327:
Reference: returns whether the url would navigate to a native page .
Candidate: returns whether the url would navigate to a native page .

Sample 2328:
Reference: formats the specified date using the rules of this date format .
Candidate: formats the specified date using the rules of this date format .

Sample 2329:
Reference: clear the attribute list for reuse .
Candidate: resets to zero length .

Sample 2330:
Reference: uploads a new object to the specified amazon s bucket .
Candidate: uploads a new object to the specified amazon s tested .

Sample 2331:
Reference: post will be published by the community
Candidate: post from a group by post the post the community false post the user as a community

Sample 2332:
Reference: returns true if manual drag is enabled false if manual drag is disabled .
Candidate: gets true if manual drag is enabled false if

Sample 2333:
Reference: registers geo shield for zone lookup
Candidate: registers a join manager to the <UNK> pool and add it to the tuner list .

Sample 2334:
Reference: this method is invoked when camera preview has started .
Candidate: this method is invoked when camera preview has started .

Sample 2335:
Reference: indicates whether the specified character is a titlecase character .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified character is a titlecase character .

Sample 2336:
Reference: generate a new duration statistic .
Candidate: creates a new duration with the given key .

Sample 2337:
Reference: get if switching has completed .
Candidate: indicates if this file is <UNK> for a sword .

Sample 2338:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 2339:
Reference: return true if this renderer does rendering through opengl .
Candidate: return true if this renderer does rendering through .

Sample 2340:
Reference: returns true if the jclass is assignable to the class .
Candidate: returns true if the jclass is assignable to the class .

Sample 2341:
Reference: releases the read lock .
Candidate: release the lock lock release the lock

Sample 2342:
Reference: obtains the scheduling rule from the appropriate factory for a delete operation .
Candidate: obtains the scheduling rule from the appropriate factory for a delete operation .

Sample 2343:
Reference: dismiss cardview play button
Candidate: stop play and hide the

Sample 2344:
Reference: updates the header view to reflect the header data for the given position
Candidate: updates the header view to reflect the header data for the given position

Sample 2345:
Reference: helper function to return a heart beat object for the minecraft client . br
Candidate: helper method to return a heart beat object for the specified number of seconds .

Sample 2346:
Reference: set this to the index of the item you would love to select upon start
Candidate: set this to the index of the item you would love to select upon start

Sample 2347:
Reference: checks whether the given string is a reserved keyword .
Candidate: returns the a word is a keyword alpha .

Sample 2348:
Reference: check if the message is empty
Candidate: check if the message is empty

Sample 2349:
Reference: creates a column instance
Candidate: creates a column instance

Sample 2350:
Reference: is suspense balancing active
Candidate: return whether the receiver is attempted or not

Sample 2351:
Reference: clear all items and groups .
Candidate: clear all the bits in the list

Sample 2352:
Reference: get to be invoiced .
Candidate: get to be invoiced .

Sample 2353:
Reference: pushes a float onto the top of this stack .
Candidate: pushes a float onto the top of this stack .

Sample 2354:
Reference: receive notivication of a entityreference .
Candidate: receive notivication of a entityreference .

Sample 2355:
Reference: creates a titan edge that corresponds to the given gremlin edge .
Candidate: creates a new edge edge to the given gremlin graph .

Sample 2356:
Reference: loaded image will be cached on disc
Candidate: loaded image will be cached on disc

Sample 2357:
Reference: retrieves an existing saml object from the cts as an un cast object using the passed primary key .
Candidate: retrieves the saml json identifiers of the saml <UNK> object .

Sample 2358:
Reference: computes the inverse of a square zmat
Candidate: computes the inverse of a <UNK> .

Sample 2359:
Reference: sets the instrumenter used to record information about the runtime behavior of algorithms executed by this executor .
Candidate: sets the instrumenter used to record information about the runtime behavior of algorithms executed by this executor .

Sample 2360:
Reference: finds the first occurrence of given value in an array from specified given position .
Candidate: finds the first occurrence of given value in an array from specified given position .

Sample 2361:
Reference: adds a child node .
Candidate: add a child node .

Sample 2362:
Reference: maps the one character firebird privilege to the equivalent jdbc privilege .
Candidate: maps the given phonetic model id to a single string of the hypothesis .

Sample 2363:
Reference: group id to return invited users for
Candidate: id of community id to community id

Sample 2364:
Reference: accept method for visitor support .
Candidate: accept method for visitor support .

Sample 2365:
Reference: recursively sorts all children using the given comparator of treenode .
Candidate: sorts the given of of their children of their given comparator .

Sample 2366:
Reference: invoked when the number attribute ends .
Candidate: indicates the end of a number in the json json .

Sample 2367:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 2368:
Reference: drops underlying database table using daos .
Candidate: drops underlying database table using daos .

Sample 2369:
Reference: called when the context and size of the view has changed .
Candidate: called when the <UNK> should be called when <UNK> is not possible .

Sample 2370:
Reference: method called when user clicks quit button of the wizard .
Candidate: called the user button has clicked the button .

Sample 2371:
Reference: puts an array of bytes into this byte vector .
Candidate: puts an array of bytes into this byte vector .

Sample 2372:
Reference: logout the current user .
Candidate: <UNK> logout user destroy the current application .

Sample 2373:
Reference: process a new response from the license server .
Candidate: process a new response from the license server .

Sample 2374:
Reference: invoked when the response status code and headers are available
Candidate: called when the request has been opened to the the .

Sample 2375:
Reference: converts the given xml string to a double value .
Candidate: user the string string to a double string

Sample 2376:
Reference: send the message to set the state of functions f f f f .
Candidate: send the message to set the state of functions f f f f .

Sample 2377:
Reference: set image cache enable . br if you want to requesting image witout cache set it with false .
Candidate: set set image image images for use .

Sample 2378:
Reference: returns true if this binary input stream exists .
Candidate: returns whether the document can be found .

Sample 2379:
Reference: returns whether it has the export formats .
Candidate: returns whether it has the export slash .

Sample 2380:
Reference: checks if a block is part of a rocket .
Candidate: checks whether the given block is a <UNK> block or not .

Sample 2381:
Reference: resets all nodes in the network as if they have not been visited yet .
Candidate: resets all nodes in the network as if they have not been visited yet .

Sample 2382:
Reference: copies the contents of the current tar archive entry directly into an output stream .
Candidate: copies a copy of <UNK> to the another output buffer until there is no more than input .

Sample 2383:
Reference: determine the drop action from the event
Candidate: invokes the drag interface in a new type .

Sample 2384:
Reference: the method that will be called when a batch completes .
Candidate: the method that will be called when a batch completes .

Sample 2385:
Reference: log an info message with optional format args .
Candidate: tlog an info message with optional format args .

Sample 2386:
Reference: same type of data
Candidate: check true if info data is using to use this method .

Sample 2387:
Reference: register a path provider .
Candidate: register a path provider to the specified location .

Sample 2388:
Reference: gets the forced glossary .
Candidate: gets the forced glossary .

Sample 2389:
Reference: it is used to get the settings object in order to change settings
Candidate: it is used to get the settings object in order to change settings

Sample 2390:
Reference: insert a new file into the database .
Candidate: insert the given object into the database .

Sample 2391:
Reference: create a harness class with a main method that includes calls into all the entry points of the android application .
Candidate: makes a new file that provides a and main main main main entry .

Sample 2392:
Reference: generate a prediction for the supplied instance .
Candidate: return the default test instance .

Sample 2393:
Reference: gets the number of elements in the datagram not counting system elements .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 2394:
Reference: shutdown method closing all repositories and corresponding connection objects .
Candidate: shuts down the server and releasing all the resources .

Sample 2395:
Reference: parse the statement and prepare it for execution .
Candidate: parse the statement and prepare it for execution .

Sample 2396:
Reference: produces a character stream from an underlying byte stream .
Candidate: join the elements from the output stream as a stream of the specified stream

Sample 2397:
Reference: register an rpc service implementation to this forwarder .
Candidate: registers a service service for the context service

Sample 2398:
Reference: creates a from clause that lists projected streams joined via outer join .
Candidate: creates an descriptor from descriptor with the outer methods which defines how the streams methods .

Sample 2399:
Reference: returns true iff post processing for the receiving resource has been performed and has completed successfully .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is already to be processed for the <UNK> .

Sample 2400:
Reference: begins systrace tracing for a given tag .
Candidate: report a trace tag to a current time tag that is enabled .

Sample 2401:
Reference: removes a database manager listener from this database manager .
Candidate: removes a new listener object listener to the list of listeners that are notified about changes in the database manager .

Sample 2402:
Reference: returns the current lexical state .
Candidate: returns the current lexical state .

Sample 2403:
Reference: translate multiple texts using source and target languages .
Candidate: translate texts in a source using a default texts .

Sample 2404:
Reference: mark an update message as committed then push all committed local changes to the replicationserver service in a single atomic operation .
Candidate: commit a commit message to the commit group .

Sample 2405:
Reference: the real core of the polling this selects the next one to poll .
Candidate: selects the next possible poll that will be recalculated for each index segment .

Sample 2406:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 2407:
Reference: sets this argument description .
Candidate: sets the specified integer of this attribute .

Sample 2408:
Reference: note order doesn t matter .
Candidate: returns true if two possibly close this object are possibly equal to this strength .

Sample 2409:
Reference: closes the connection .
Candidate: close the web socket .

Sample 2410:
Reference: registers a provider for a given service that belongs to the default subsystem .
Candidate: register a your provider for your your interface .

Sample 2411:
Reference: returns true if the specified type is void .
Candidate: checks whether the type is empty void

Sample 2412:
Reference: given an element scan the list find it and remove it .
Candidate: given an object scan the list find it and remove it returns true if found found

Sample 2413:
Reference: removes wheel changing listener
Candidate: removes wheel changing listener

Sample 2414:
Reference: returns true if field keys is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field keys is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 2415:
Reference: shortens the given table name .
Candidate: translate the table name used to the peers of the <UNK> table .

Sample 2416:
Reference: the arity of this trie node i . e .
Candidate: the arity of this trie node i . e .

Sample 2417:
Reference: displays the dialog window .
Candidate: displays the dialog window .

Sample 2418:
Reference: convert time in milliseconds to time in days .
Candidate: convert time in milliseconds to time in days .

Sample 2419:
Reference: loads the layout in the db and returns the number of entries added on the desktop .
Candidate: loads the layout in the db and returns the number of entries added on the desktop .

Sample 2420:
Reference: populate one instance from a contentvalues
Candidate: populate one instance from a contentvalues

Sample 2421:
Reference: open the datagram connection
Candidate: open the datagram connection

Sample 2422:
Reference: look a command by name without prefix expansion to licensed commands .
Candidate: searches for target with the given name .

Sample 2423:
Reference: remove the token data from storage for the given id .
Candidate: deletes the specified value .

Sample 2424:
Reference: validation of the marketplace if it s available
Candidate: validates the provided marketplace id to find the <UNK> provided for this review .

Sample 2425:
Reference: trigger the cell editor for the build quality column .
Candidate: displays the replicator in the the the tab

Sample 2426:
Reference: start the service to process that will run the content observer
Candidate: called to start a web service services for the the service .

Sample 2427:
Reference: remove an object that was being alerted when an item on this menu bar was selected .
Candidate: removes an action listeners from the event listeners .

Sample 2428:
Reference: returns true if the underlying resource has changed .
Candidate: log the reason for modification

Sample 2429:
Reference: replaces all previously added headers keyed on the specified name with a single header set to the sepcified value .
Candidate: replaces the given key value with the given name and value .

Sample 2430:
Reference: removes all user defined names .
Candidate: removes all user defined names .

Sample 2431:
Reference: handle the message in main thread .
Candidate: process the message to be sent to a message of the specified message .

Sample 2432:
Reference: this method allows to add additional conditions for passing through
Candidate: add an additional facet to the current <UNK> .

Sample 2433:
Reference: paints the border of a popup menu .
Candidate: paints the border of a popup menu .

Sample 2434:
Reference: retruns ths shared instance of the sprite frame cache
Candidate: creates a copy of the cache bitmap .

Sample 2435:
Reference: generate a user s name from the first name last name
Candidate: create a user name to integer names .

Sample 2436:
Reference: check to see if a mnemonic word list is valid .
Candidate: check to see if a mnemonic word list is valid .

Sample 2437:
Reference: visits an executable type .
Candidate: visits an executable path .

Sample 2438:
Reference: re opens a previously closed topic on a community s discussion board .
Candidate: opens a topic of the community that owns a community s discussion board .

Sample 2439:
Reference: removes all static resources served directly by the server .
Candidate: remove all static resources resources for this policy .

Sample 2440:
Reference: appends value s hashcode to the current hashcode .
Candidate: appends value s hashcode to the current hashcode .

Sample 2441:
Reference: delete all of the avatars for the bot .
Candidate: delete all of the avatars for the bot .

Sample 2442:
Reference: remove all watchers from this object
Candidate: clear the <UNK> to perform this visualization .

Sample 2443:
Reference: loads all achievements a player has reached
Candidate: loads the player used by a player object

Sample 2444:
Reference: create and return a new field instance that is a copy of this field but with the given default value .
Candidate: create and return a new field instance that is a copy of this field but with the given long value .

Sample 2445:
Reference: checks if the executor has been shut down and increments the running task count .
Candidate: checks if the executor has been shut down and increments the running task count .

Sample 2446:
Reference: gets topology nodes from topology snapshot .
Candidate: gets topology nodes from topology dumps

Sample 2447:
Reference: fills the fields based on certain default values .
Candidate: populate default values for all fields with the default values object .

Sample 2448:
Reference: encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output .
Candidate: encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output .

Sample 2449:
Reference: merge in and in into out .
Candidate: merge in and in into out .

Sample 2450:
Reference: number of results to return .
Candidate: number of lead users to return .

Sample 2451:
Reference: removes the sub class from the type .
Candidate: removes the sub mapping of this class .

Sample 2452:
Reference: handle a dismissal of the selection on the base page .
Candidate: handle a dismissal of the selection on the base page .

Sample 2453:
Reference: blocks execution until the number of bytes allocated is not greater than the limit or the thread is interrupted .
Candidate: blocks execution until the number of bytes allocated is not greater than the limit or the thread is interrupted .

Sample 2454:
Reference: prints a message at info priority .
Candidate: prints a message at info priority .

Sample 2455:
Reference: checks whether this preference has a valid key .
Candidate: checks whether this preference has a valid key .

Sample 2456:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2457:
Reference: creates a new ui object for the given component .
Candidate: creates a new ui object for the given component .

Sample 2458:
Reference: all user list mapped by id and name
Candidate: obtain a unmodifiable map options from the specified map .

Sample 2459:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 2460:
Reference: close a socket ignoring errors
Candidate: close a stream socket .

Sample 2461:
Reference: jump to the specified fragment with a parameter form
Candidate: adds a fragment to the fragment

Sample 2462:
Reference: copy intent to clipboard
Candidate: copy uri to clipboard

Sample 2463:
Reference: schedules the task to run on the provided executor on behalf of the service .
Candidate: schedules the task to run on the provided executor on behalf of the service .

Sample 2464:
Reference: gets the inverted string equivalent of the generated shade
Candidate: generate a string suitable for setting the hexadecimal string .

Sample 2465:
Reference: creates a pdfformxobject with the barcode .
Candidate: creates a pdfformxobject with the barcode .

Sample 2466:
Reference: constructs double from byte array .
Candidate: converts a byte array to double to the double array

Sample 2467:
Reference: checks if the given mouse event is a popup trigger and creates a new popup menu if necessary .
Candidate: checks if the given mouse event is a popup trigger and creates a new popup menu if necessary .

Sample 2468:
Reference: removes the user s profile .
Candidate: removes a user s user s .

Sample 2469:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 2470:
Reference: make an namespaces table
Candidate: make a list of possible

Sample 2471:
Reference: is the blank line wanted ?
Candidate: returns this is this is a reference .

Sample 2472:
Reference: determines if the object is enabled .
Candidate: determines if the object is enabled .

Sample 2473:
Reference: parses text from the beginning of the given string to produce an object .
Candidate: parses text from the beginning of the given string to produce an object .

Sample 2474:
Reference: tests that two queries have an expected order of documents and that the two queries have the same score values .
Candidate: check that the query array is required for the query .

Sample 2475:
Reference: creates an instance of the associated element type .
Candidate: creates an instance of the associated element type .

Sample 2476:
Reference: returns the computed aggregation value given the records processed previously .
Candidate: returns the value of this value .

Sample 2477:
Reference: force set all activations to a specified value .
Candidate: tell the sum cost for all neurons in this network .

Sample 2478:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 2479:
Reference: add multiple terms at the next position in the phrase .
Candidate: adds a new iteration to the order .

Sample 2480:
Reference: dial a number .
Candidate: dial the number .

Sample 2481:
Reference: insert a fresh parameter .
Candidate: insert a fresh parameter the parameter represented by the parameter .

Sample 2482:
Reference: refresh the given storagesystem .
Candidate: refresh the given storagesystem .

Sample 2483:
Reference: reads bytes blocking until all bytes are read .
Candidate: read the general data of data from a byte array .

Sample 2484:
Reference: pops up a save file file chooser dialog .
Candidate: pops up a save file file chooser dialog .

Sample 2485:
Reference: reverse the order of the consist and the direction the locomotives are traveling
Candidate: reverses the order of the receiver .

Sample 2486:
Reference: returns a list with erasure nameableobject based on the given collection .
Candidate: returns a collection backed by the erasure in the collection .

Sample 2487:
Reference: transforms the element in the union to a new type
Candidate: transforms the element in the union to a new type

Sample 2488:
Reference: adds workspace widget to panel to display it .
Candidate: adds the view id to the view .

Sample 2489:
Reference: called when the browser has been signed in to the child account .
Candidate: called when the user is attempted to load the view and

Sample 2490:
Reference: a statement of the form l cl v
Candidate: a statement of the form l cl v

Sample 2491:
Reference: checks if error is mac invalid argument error which ususally requires special handling .
Candidate: returns true if the argument is an <UNK> with a general error stream .

Sample 2492:
Reference: checks whether the renderer can handle the specified class .
Candidate: returns all if the class handles this class that this class can be be by this class .

Sample 2493:
Reference: return a datatypeserializer that does the same encoding decoding on bytebuffer
Candidate: return the <UNK> type of the type property .

Sample 2494:
Reference: append a path segment
Candidate: appends a path to the path .

Sample 2495:
Reference: lists the tables currently available in the sheet .
Candidate: lists all tables by the spreadsheet .

Sample 2496:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 2497:
Reference: like compile databaseconnection statementtype but allows to specify the result flags .
Candidate: compile this object to a sql statement .

Sample 2498:
Reference: called when this formitem is double clicked .
Candidate: notification when the user clicks on a double precision .

Sample 2499:
Reference: convert the query p note this is currently a nop .
Candidate: hook to update the root of <UNK> to avoid the update folder .

Sample 2500:
Reference: called after all servers have been started
Candidate: indicates that this speakable has been started .

Sample 2501:
Reference: encodes the given uri port with the given encoding .
Candidate: encodes the given uri uri with the given encoding .

Sample 2502:
Reference: method which gets invoked whenever a user is created
Candidate: process the user to add a user to the session attributes .

Sample 2503:
Reference: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .
Candidate: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .

Sample 2504:
Reference: does nothing which has the effect of discarding task r .
Candidate: does nothing which has the effect of discarding task r .

Sample 2505:
Reference: equality this is needed so that switch statements can put intexpressions in a hashtable
Candidate: compares this object to the same value for the equality .

Sample 2506:
Reference: send a debug log message
Candidate: send a debug log message

Sample 2507:
Reference: parse a string to an double returning the default value if it s not parsable .
Candidate: parse a double as an double to the default value if it is not parsable .

Sample 2508:
Reference: check that the ds data that will be set on a domain is valid .
Candidate: validates that a user doesn t exist and throws an exception of the same data .

Sample 2509:
Reference: add an instance at the currently selected index .
Candidate: add all to selected instances

Sample 2510:
Reference: send the message through mms or sms protocol .
Candidate: sends a message to the pending messages .

Sample 2511:
Reference: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .
Candidate: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .

Sample 2512:
Reference: get an integer header value from the response falling back to the given default value if the header is missing or if parsing fails
Candidate: get an integer header value from the response falling back to the given default value if the header is missing or if parsing fails

Sample 2513:
Reference: tostring return a double as a nice string .
Candidate: returns a string representation of

Sample 2514:
Reference: milliseconds elapsed since the time specified the input is nanotime the only conversion happens when computing the elapsed time
Candidate: milliseconds elapsed since the time the input is nanotime the happens only happens when computing the elapsed time

Sample 2515:
Reference: return the root if it matches the expanded type id else return null nothing found
Candidate: return the root if it matches the expanded type id else return null nothing found found

Sample 2516:
Reference: consumes to the first sequence provided or to the end of the queue .
Candidate: consumes to the first sequence to or to the end of the queue .

Sample 2517:
Reference: decrement the current mode of an item .
Candidate: decrement the <UNK> mode generally the remove item from the <UNK> .

Sample 2518:
Reference: called when the media route controller receives new information about the current position in the video .
Candidate: called when the current route controller receives new information about the current position in the video .

Sample 2519:
Reference: get an iterator over all edges in the graph .
Candidate: get an iterator over all edges in the graph .

Sample 2520:
Reference: add an amount of time to the datetime .
Candidate: add a duration to the instant .

Sample 2521:
Reference: print an exception report if we are testing the lock is held and do not currently hold the read or write lock
Candidate: ensures that the lock is locked and using using <UNK> .

Sample 2522:
Reference: elimina el registro para un usuario y los identificador del archivo seleccionados .
Candidate: elimina los archivos de un usuario de salas de consulta

Sample 2523:
Reference: construct a temporary trigger that triggers after an operation on table
Candidate: construct a temporary trigger that triggers an event name on table

Sample 2524:
Reference: returns a string representation of this response .
Candidate: gets a printable representation of the given . .

Sample 2525:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 2526:
Reference: add a new annotation which is merged from the old annotations removing the old annotations .
Candidate: add a new annotation which is merged from the old annotations removing the old annotations .

Sample 2527:
Reference: add table column and specify the column header .
Candidate: add table column and specify the data header .

Sample 2528:
Reference: creates an uninitialized text storage model plaindocument that is appropriate for this type of editor .
Candidate: creates an uninitialized text storage model plaindocument that is appropriate for this type of editor .

Sample 2529:
Reference: toggles the selection status of the component .
Candidate: toggles the selection status of the component .

Sample 2530:
Reference: is carrier perform country devilery .
Candidate: can carrier perform country delivery .

Sample 2531:
Reference: the cause for this index creation .
Candidate: sets the subject controls and creation as a map .

Sample 2532:
Reference: sets the encrypted date of visit .
Candidate: sets encrypted pattern of visit .

Sample 2533:
Reference: called for each instance of use of any of the aggregation functions at validation time after all declared aggregation have been added .
Candidate: validate the given condition and return a <UNK> of the the expression types .

Sample 2534:
Reference: get the type of object that was acted on .
Candidate: before decoding operation before .

Sample 2535:
Reference: return a canonical value .
Candidate: encode in canonical form .

Sample 2536:
Reference: gets whether the result only contains one column .
Candidate: is if the iteration is a single column id

Sample 2537:
Reference: executes a remote procedure call any java objects pojos will be serialized to json by the jackson library
Candidate: define the input with any java objects pojos useful by java call

Sample 2538:
Reference: called when the grabbed state changes i . e .
Candidate: called when the grabbed state changes i . e .

Sample 2539:
Reference: returns a source excerpt of the type parameters of this type including angle brackets .
Candidate: returns a type parameters of type parameters of this type including it types of the types .

Sample 2540:
Reference: remove markups and logs
Candidate: remove <UNK> files from the <UNK> file

Sample 2541:
Reference: removes a listener object from the trace .
Candidate: removes a listener from the trace log .

Sample 2542:
Reference: logs a message and an exception of the given level .
Candidate: logs a message and an exception of the given level .

Sample 2543:
Reference: establishes group relation between volume group and full copy group .
Candidate: establishes group relation between volume group and full copy group .

Sample 2544:
Reference: triggered by scrolling via touch
Candidate: triggered by scrolling via touch

Sample 2545:
Reference: suspends a trace session with the given trace session id
Candidate: suspends a trace session with the given trace session id

Sample 2546:
Reference: returns the last segment in the log .
Candidate: returns the last segment segment is is .

Sample 2547:
Reference: adds an annotation to this type removing any existing annotation from the same qualifier hierarchy first .
Candidate: removes and removes this specifed name and the the annotations .

Sample 2548:
Reference: return an iterator over the tuples in this tuple set filtered by the given predicate
Candidate: return an iterator over the tuples in this tuple set filtered by the given predicate

Sample 2549:
Reference: tells whether the given arc identifies a readable scalar object in this group .
Candidate: returns true if the given arc identifies a readable scalar object .

Sample 2550:
Reference: create the specified topics .
Candidate: create the specified topics .

Sample 2551:
Reference: construct a temporary view from the given query and with the given name
Candidate: construct a temporary view from the given query by the the name the given name .

Sample 2552:
Reference: cancels the post capture animation .
Candidate: cancels the post capture animation .

Sample 2553:
Reference: image strategy specific resolution of object if extraction from the url failed .
Candidate: resolve the resource to be resolved to <UNK> for the url .

Sample 2554:
Reference: tests if wheel is cyclic .
Candidate: tests if wheel is cyclic .

Sample 2555:
Reference: called when project type selected .
Candidate: called when the user selected selection changes the <UNK> .

Sample 2556:
Reference: inserts the alarm into the database .
Candidate: inserts the given image to the cache cache .

Sample 2557:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 2558:
Reference: returns the name of the customer involved in this transaction .
Candidate: returns the action . .

Sample 2559:
Reference: called by the transaction stack when a retransmission timer fires .
Candidate: this method is called when this transaction s retransmission timer has fired .

Sample 2560:
Reference: sends message using custom diorite parser .
Candidate: sends a message parsed using diorite markdown parser .

Sample 2561:
Reference: called when the reset button is clicked .
Candidate: called when the is is visible to the <UNK> .

Sample 2562:
Reference: called when the image area has finished expanding .
Candidate: called when the material portion of the navigation has changed .

Sample 2563:
Reference: calculates a hash code value for the object .
Candidate: calculates a hash code value for the object .

Sample 2564:
Reference: visits an unbounded type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .
Candidate: visits an unbounded type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .

Sample 2565:
Reference: creates dialog which handles update items in the shopping cart
Candidate: creates a new edit dialog which should cause the <UNK> to show the the

Sample 2566:
Reference: instruct all pt agents to uninstall all currently installed queries
Candidate: stops all the billing types and sending the workers to be the .

Sample 2567:
Reference: checks setting to show or not the transfers window right after a download has started .
Candidate: show the the to start when the activity finishes .

Sample 2568:
Reference: set deployment zone to edge of board for reinforcements
Candidate: called to be called after the <UNK> to buttom is

Sample 2569:
Reference: starts a capture animation
Candidate: starts a capture animation

Sample 2570:
Reference: writes out the current buffer .
Candidate: writes a log out to the log file

Sample 2571:
Reference: given a label return a new congruence class for that label .
Candidate: constructs a label from the label label the the vertex .

Sample 2572:
Reference: set state for a drag event .
Candidate: set state for a drag event .

Sample 2573:
Reference: helper method to generate new resultcontentevent based on an instance and its prediction result .
Candidate: helper method to generate new resultcontentevent based on an instance and its prediction result .

Sample 2574:
Reference: requests focus for the query input field and shows the keyboard .
Candidate: requests focus for the query input field and shows the keyboard .

Sample 2575:
Reference: method to clear out the cache that saves the references to the executuors per host .
Candidate: clean up the cache related to the cache threads .

Sample 2576:
Reference: set the title text for this dialog s window .
Candidate: sets the title text for this dialog s window .

Sample 2577:
Reference: disables the breakpoint if it is enabled .
Candidate: deprecated replaced by setenabled boolean .

Sample 2578:
Reference: is this a valid nodes that has the minimal information set .
Candidate: test whether the iterator has the default value .

Sample 2579:
Reference: directly write all the addaggregation without their bounding object .
Candidate: print an x instance to the <UNK> for a given aggregation .

Sample 2580:
Reference: exclude scan packages eg .
Candidate: add a packages to <UNK> for the usertimeline .

Sample 2581:
Reference: create the view that holds the widgets that control playback .
Candidate: create the view that holds the widgets that control playback .

Sample 2582:
Reference: parse an int value from a text string .
Candidate: parse an int value from a text string .

Sample 2583:
Reference: edit an access token
Candidate: launches the local token token to a particular user token .

Sample 2584:
Reference: creates the javadoc reference to the old member to be put inside the javadoc comment .
Candidate: creates the inner parsing process for the given declaration .

Sample 2585:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 2586:
Reference: create a logitech dualaction gamepad controlled by the driver station .
Candidate: create a logitech <UNK> device controlled by the driver station .

Sample 2587:
Reference: disabled button on the consoles toolbar .
Candidate: the the button bar color to use in the toolbar .

Sample 2588:
Reference: returns a hash code value for this attribute .
Candidate: returns a hash code value for this attribute .

Sample 2589:
Reference: cosine is not a logical function .
Candidate: min is not a logical function .

Sample 2590:
Reference: delete all rows from feeds table
Candidate: delete a message from the current <UNK> if it is already associated .

Sample 2591:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 2592:
Reference: parses the the given inputstream with default options that is every ifd and thumbnaill will be parsed .
Candidate: parses the the given inputstream with default options that is every ifd and thumbnaill will be parsed .

Sample 2593:
Reference: returns a map containing the constants defined by command line .
Candidate: returns a list of article tokens in the <UNK> .

Sample 2594:
Reference: will return false since this is an inline tag .
Candidate: tests if this is is a better to for this .

Sample 2595:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: returns whether the metrics has metrics metrics .

Sample 2596:
Reference: creates a new oauth authorization filter configured with provided parameters .
Candidate: creates a filter for a users that matches the authorization server .

Sample 2597:
Reference: returns the provider that created this virtual machine .
Candidate: returns the provider s github .

Sample 2598:
Reference: method for defining whether the activity has a drawer configured
Candidate: indicates if this is a drawer for the specified type .

Sample 2599:
Reference: increment the number of multicast datagram payload bytes received and the number of mcast messages read
Candidate: increment the number of unicast batches for the given amount .

Sample 2600:
Reference: resets local i o job and task execution metrics .
Candidate: resets metrics for a virtual machine .

Sample 2601:
Reference: loads the persistent textures if they are not loaded already .
Candidate: loads the persistent textures if they are not loaded already .

Sample 2602:
Reference: stops the test ldap server .
Candidate: stops the test ldap server .

Sample 2603:
Reference: return minimum and maximum as array .
Candidate: returns the uniform double array of double values .

Sample 2604:
Reference: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .
Candidate: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .

Sample 2605:
Reference: not implemented inherited by ibaselabelprovider .
Candidate: disposes of any internal resources by this object so that it can eventually be garbage collected .

Sample 2606:
Reference: calls the appropriate listeners
Candidate: dispatch the event to its target listeners .

Sample 2607:
Reference: lock the focus as the first step for a still image capture .
Candidate: lock the focus as the first step for a still image capture .

Sample 2608:
Reference: calculates a random coefficient based on the number of cumulative failed attempts .
Candidate: calculates a random coefficient based on the number of cumulative failed attempts .

Sample 2609:
Reference: update the parent id of all children .
Candidate: update the parent id of all children .

Sample 2610:
Reference: asserts that the given bytes are equal
Candidate: asserts that the given bytes are equal

Sample 2611:
Reference: return whether or not the ender attuned object can currently send energy redstone flux .
Candidate: determine if this is a potential energy in the slave .

Sample 2612:
Reference: put string to byte
Candidate: put string to byte

Sample 2613:
Reference: remove the specified stored enchantment from this item meta .
Candidate: remove the specified stored enchantment from this item meta .

Sample 2614:
Reference: create an instance of asymmetricdecryptionelement
Candidate: create an instance of asymmetricdecryptiontype

Sample 2615:
Reference: given a definition and a use this method creates a defusecoveragegoal for this defusepair .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> object for the given <UNK> and returns true if the .

Sample 2616:
Reference: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .
Candidate: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .

Sample 2617:
Reference: from xsltc declare a prefix to point to a namespace uri .
Candidate: from xsltc declare a prefix to point to a namespace uri .

Sample 2618:
Reference: deal with lock cmd args .
Candidate: process the next command command for the specified list of <UNK> .

Sample 2619:
Reference: create a memory chunk that is managed by its holder .
Candidate: create a memory chunk that is managed by its holder .

Sample 2620:
Reference: scribes an event and immediately flushes the event .
Candidate: pop an event immediately in the event log event

Sample 2621:
Reference: a helper function to play an avsspeakitem this is passed to play and handled accordingly
Candidate: a helper method to play an avsplayremoteitem this item and starts the play item immediately .

Sample 2622:
Reference: answers true if the receiver has been destroyed already false otherwise .
Candidate: gets whether this thread group has been destroyed .

Sample 2623:
Reference: creates introduce parameter refactoring that replaces local variable with parameter .
Candidate: creates introduce additional refactoring that replaces expression with the .

Sample 2624:
Reference: this method is called to find out if the given itemstack should be matched by the given filter itemstack .
Candidate: check if the filter is generally itemstacks matching the itemstack .

Sample 2625:
Reference: schedule a new invoker increasing the total number of scheduled invokers for this listener container .
Candidate: creates a new connection to use the internal client for its undo manager .

Sample 2626:
Reference: whether this listener accepts cancelled events
Candidate: whether this listener accepts cancelled events

Sample 2627:
Reference: create a shell folder from a file .
Candidate: create a shell folder from a file .

Sample 2628:
Reference: visits the enclosing class of the class .
Candidate: visits the enclosing class of the class .

Sample 2629:
Reference: fills the list from top to bottom starting with mfirstposition
Candidate: fills the list from top to bottom starting with mfirstposition

Sample 2630:
Reference: is the specified player the leader of this group ?
Candidate: determines if the player was a relation to the group .

Sample 2631:
Reference: this is an overloaded member function provided for convenience .
Candidate: this is an overloaded member function provided for convenience .

Sample 2632:
Reference: initialise the key generator .
Candidate: initialize the size generator size and initialize the number of randomness .

Sample 2633:
Reference: insert an edge unless it is already in the list
Candidate: add an argument to the grammar and return it in the list if it is not already .

Sample 2634:
Reference: write annotationset item into current section .
Candidate: writes the given annotation value to a byte array .

Sample 2635:
Reference: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience
Candidate: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience

Sample 2636:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 2637:
Reference: cost of one operation combined with another .
Candidate: join one cost of this one .

Sample 2638:
Reference: decrement the components of this vector by the given values .
Candidate: subtracts vector components of this vector .

Sample 2639:
Reference: puts a float in the buffer
Candidate: sets the float value to the end of this object .

Sample 2640:
Reference: unmarshal an object graph .
Candidate: unmarshalls an object graph .

Sample 2641:
Reference: check if info trace level is enabled .
Candidate: check if info trace level is enabled .

Sample 2642:
Reference: check if memory buffer is full .
Candidate: return true if the iterable is currently full .

Sample 2643:
Reference: returns an ordered view exposing its elements sorted according to the specified comparator .
Candidate: returns from view using elements comparator of the comparator .

Sample 2644:
Reference: you used s .
Candidate: you have enough good to to .

Sample 2645:
Reference: removes most recently added element .
Candidate: pop composer stack about pop .

Sample 2646:
Reference: try to find a matching word for a derived adjective .
Candidate: normalize an entry for a given word .

Sample 2647:
Reference: this method is used to remove a session handling action that has been registered by the extension .
Candidate: this method is used to remove a session handling action that has been registered by the extension .

Sample 2648:
Reference: check that a class is an inner one .
Candidate: is this an java class which is true if the source is a class class .

Sample 2649:
Reference: hook for dynamic triple buffering condition .
Candidate: returns true if we should be forced to allow the <UNK> or not .

Sample 2650:
Reference: returns true if the specified character is a valid pubid character as defined by production in the xml . specification .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is a valid pubid character as defined by production in the xml . specification .

Sample 2651:
Reference: construct a token to verify an email address for a user .
Candidate: format in email address .

Sample 2652:
Reference: when there is exception on netty while streaming it will be propagated to handler so the handler can do the cleanup .
Candidate: terminate an upload chain .

Sample 2653:
Reference: property to add to the conjunction and or disjunction or .
Candidate: add a property to the set .

Sample 2654:
Reference: called when an end tag is encountered .
Candidate: called when an end tag is encountered .

Sample 2655:
Reference: convert to a string given an indentation for pretty printing .
Candidate: convert to a string given an indentation for pretty printing .

Sample 2656:
Reference: inserts all of the elements into the list starting at the specified position .
Candidate: inserts the specified elements in the specified position at the specified .

Sample 2657:
Reference: writes a trace message to indicate that a given section of code has begun .
Candidate: writes a trace message to indicate that a given section of code has begun .

Sample 2658:
Reference: start the generator to download and build the quotes .
Candidate: start the generator to download and build the quotes .

Sample 2659:
Reference: when you are storing integer objects consider using addelement int instead .
Candidate: add method to add int values .

Sample 2660:
Reference: this method determines if there is an active out data buffer for the supplied object .
Candidate: this method determines if there is an active data point for the specified location .

Sample 2661:
Reference: this notification is used if new channels have been added the the set of channels the notification provider is currently listening on .
Candidate: called to indicate the channels provider is added to the the provider of channels .

Sample 2662:
Reference: appends p string to the text pane .
Candidate: appends p string to the text .

Sample 2663:
Reference: add a list of pois to the backend .
Candidate: add a list of pois to the backend .

Sample 2664:
Reference: sets the value of a given edge without notifying the new and old nodes on the other end of the edge of the change .
Candidate: initializes the node node at a particular index and variable overwriting the parent .

Sample 2665:
Reference: adds a metadata entry to the header file .
Candidate: adds a metadata entry to the header file .

Sample 2666:
Reference: return false if any revisions have been recorded in the range of this exception
Candidate: returns true if this dictionary has no key value pairs .

Sample 2667:
Reference: a simple cli for testing
Candidate: a simple cli for testing

Sample 2668:
Reference: returns whether the storage service is starting or not
Candidate: check to see if this node is starting .

Sample 2669:
Reference: restores the current node remembered by setmark .
Candidate: restores the current node remembered by setmark .

Sample 2670:
Reference: initializes this view with profile images and full names .
Candidate: initializes this view with profile images and full names .

Sample 2671:
Reference: mark the space as free .
Candidate: frees up elements and frees it from the given output .

Sample 2672:
Reference: init the routing roules for the hooking .
Candidate: init the routing roules for the hooking .

Sample 2673:
Reference: releases bw used by a all containers .
Candidate: clean for <UNK> and free all of the <UNK> .

Sample 2674:
Reference: adds minor and major ticks to a list of ticks .
Candidate: creates the axis phase for the to the the axis .

Sample 2675:
Reference: restituisce una copia della parte dell array specificata .
Candidate: copy the payload byte array use in the provided byte array .

Sample 2676:
Reference: returns true if the given character is an rtl character or a space character
Candidate: checks whether the given character is a valid or character

Sample 2677:
Reference: calculates the bounds of the legend component .
Candidate: recalculates the bounding box so that the legend is about to fit .

Sample 2678:
Reference: clears this exifinterface object s existing exif tags .
Candidate: clears this exifinterface object s existing exif tags .

Sample 2679:
Reference: plots requested data as a line using the color and the line width specified .
Candidate: plots requested data as a line using the color specified .

Sample 2680:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 2681:
Reference: adds a line highlight .
Candidate: adds a line highlight .

Sample 2682:
Reference: adds a new text label for the specified y axis value .
Candidate: adds a new text label for the specified y axis value .

Sample 2683:
Reference: use this method to start the binding process .
Candidate: use this method to start the binding to a default bind points .

Sample 2684:
Reference: reset this instance to its initial checksum .
Candidate: resets the checksum to initial value .

Sample 2685:
Reference: checks if this time is after the specified time .
Candidate: checks if this time is after the specified time .

Sample 2686:
Reference: convert source coordinate to screen coordinate .
Candidate: convert source coordinate to screen coordinate .

Sample 2687:
Reference: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparsechararray currently stores .
Candidate: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .

Sample 2688:
Reference: determines whether there are any validation warnings .
Candidate: checks whether this axis is empty .

Sample 2689:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 2690:
Reference: returns whether the base level is from left to right .
Candidate: returns whether the base level is from left to right .

Sample 2691:
Reference: sets this scanner s delimiting pattern to the specified pattern .
Candidate: return and returns a score which is used to specify the length of the specified expression .

Sample 2692:
Reference: create an instance of loelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 2693:
Reference: add a trace to the plot area .
Candidate: add a trace to the axis .

Sample 2694:
Reference: invoked when the visited instruction is ret or wide ret .
Candidate: invoked when the visited instruction is ret or wide ret .

Sample 2695:
Reference: called whenever new input is read from the reader .
Candidate: this method will be called once for each line .

Sample 2696:
Reference: binary search in the cache for line containing specified offset which is relative to the beginning of the view .
Candidate: search search in the cache for line containing specified offset which is relative to the beginning of the view .

Sample 2697:
Reference: called when recognition results are ready .
Candidate: called when the the activity responds to be executed .

Sample 2698:
Reference: compare the entire network .
Candidate: two initialize a particular score with the given threshold .

Sample 2699:
Reference: returns a byte string consisting of the bytes in this builder .
Candidate: returns a copy of the key as a string .

Sample 2700:
Reference: sent when the transfer starts
Candidate: called the main runnable .

Sample 2701:
Reference: allows subclasses to process the formatted css block further .
Candidate: allows subclasses to process the formatted lines further .

Sample 2702:
Reference: casts a value to a xml comment object
Candidate: returns a comment to a comment in a json array

Sample 2703:
Reference: adjusts the primitive value mapped to key .
Candidate: adjusts the primitive value mapped to key .

Sample 2704:
Reference: this modifies the meta data of the given attribute and returns a collection of all derived attributes .
Candidate: this method returns the attribute of the attribute attributes as which the application is changed .

Sample 2705:
Reference: check the network is enable .
Candidate: determine whether proxy is available available

Sample 2706:
Reference: validates a parameter provided for account creation .
Candidate: validates an instance of the user .

Sample 2707:
Reference: returns the class if it names a primitive otherwise null .
Candidate: finds the innermost class name for an name .

Sample 2708:
Reference: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles
Candidate: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles

Sample 2709:
Reference: unloads type model instances .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> object which is the <UNK> to the <UNK> list .

Sample 2710:
Reference: waits for a object for synchronization purposes .
Candidate: waits for a object or a timeout for synchronization purposes .

Sample 2711:
Reference: return the number of mappings in this map
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 2712:
Reference: returns the diskstore list
Candidate: returns the diskstore list

Sample 2713:
Reference: this will close the custom shell that you opened .
Candidate: closes the current dialog to allow the jvm and stop it .

Sample 2714:
Reference: construct a recipiententry from just a phone number .
Candidate: constructs a new phone number entry in a grid valued grid .

Sample 2715:
Reference: copy as much of the byte buffer into the output array as possible returning the positive number of characters copied .
Candidate: copy as much of the byte buffer into the output array as possible returning the positive number of characters copied .

Sample 2716:
Reference: will be called if the export has been aborted .
Candidate: save the distributedsystem to handle the <UNK> .

Sample 2717:
Reference: stop recording compute recording time and update fm recorder state
Candidate: stops the active record

Sample 2718:
Reference: add a transformation to be executed after the previously added operations have been executed
Candidate: render a transform operation to the previously set of <UNK> objects have been executed .

Sample 2719:
Reference: calculates the x coordinate of the left edge given the other sides of the rectangle and an aspect ratio .
Candidate: calculates the x coordinate of the left edge given the other sides of the rectangle and an aspect ratio .

Sample 2720:
Reference: creates default implementation of task distributor
Candidate: creates default implementation of task distributor

Sample 2721:
Reference: the style for the image viewer .
Candidate: the style for the image viewer .

Sample 2722:
Reference: shows the apps view .
Candidate: shows the all apps view .

Sample 2723:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 2724:
Reference: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .
Candidate: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .

Sample 2725:
Reference: renders the clause in textual representation .
Candidate: renders the clause in textual representation .

Sample 2726:
Reference: returns true if the specified event property is the target of a binding .
Candidate: returns true if a field is a data comment for a given .

Sample 2727:
Reference: generate code to use this item twice .
Candidate: generate code to use this item twice .

Sample 2728:
Reference: determines if the prompt contains none .
Candidate: returns true if the prompt contains the case of the specified int .

Sample 2729:
Reference: reset the reconnectattempt counter for a new go at reconnecting
Candidate: resets the distributedsystem to stop the counter so that it should be cleared again .

Sample 2730:
Reference: associates this annotation with its annotated type .
Candidate: associates this annotation with the given type .

Sample 2731:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when the distance of currently dragging item is updated .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when the distance of currently dragging item is updated .

Sample 2732:
Reference: processes a valid non expired tuple .
Candidate: processes the event of the instance and return the the to prepare for the given .

Sample 2733:
Reference: replace variables like nl os ws .
Candidate: get the <UNK> resource name for this <UNK> .

Sample 2734:
Reference: resets the matrix back to fit center and then displays it . s
Candidate: resets the matrix back to fit center and then displays it . s

Sample 2735:
Reference: replacement function for nextgaussian
Candidate: replacement the value average value

Sample 2736:
Reference: does this edge represent a register anti dependence ?
Candidate: does a instruction represent a register anti dependence ?

Sample 2737:
Reference: called by accelbroker when listener is to be shut down .
Candidate: called by accelbroker when listener is to be shut down .

Sample 2738:
Reference: pastes clipboard into editor
Candidate: do the last action to the clipboard

Sample 2739:
Reference: invoke the code complete dialog with default completion .
Candidate: invoke the code complete dialog with default completion .

Sample 2740:
Reference: add a line number entry for a method .
Candidate: adds a given line to a method for a field of the given method .

Sample 2741:
Reference: removes a cache listener objects using this listener will no longer receive notification of cache events .
Candidate: unregisters a cache listener for the specified class .

Sample 2742:
Reference: returns true if the music library was imported successfully false otherwise .
Candidate: returns whether this <UNK> is a high resolution or not .

Sample 2743:
Reference: method called when the asynchronous task has finished .
Candidate: method called when the asynchronous task execution finished .

Sample 2744:
Reference: put the value of the named short field into the persistent fields .
Candidate: put the value of the short short field into the persistent field .

Sample 2745:
Reference: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least ops .
Candidate: we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least ops .

Sample 2746:
Reference: offset needed to return a specific subset of videos .
Candidate: offset for to return a specific subset of videos .

Sample 2747:
Reference: returns true if the distributed system is in the process of auto reconnecting .
Candidate: indicate whether we are attempting a reconnect server

Sample 2748:
Reference: gets a value indicating whether a cached value exists for the given key .
Candidate: does this symbol table contain the given key ?

Sample 2749:
Reference: removes all the foos where uuid and companyid from the database .
Candidate: removes all the foos where uuid and companyid from the database .

Sample 2750:
Reference: appends byte element to the list .
Candidate: adds two data to re representation of bytes .

Sample 2751:
Reference: process a single word .
Candidate: processes the input and stdout .

Sample 2752:
Reference: renders the given fixture .
Candidate: renders the given fixture .

Sample 2753:
Reference: authcapture or immediate sale operation will be be used if payment gateway does not support normal flow authorize delivery capture .
Candidate: get the results of job links in the natural order .

Sample 2754:
Reference: notifies the user of the given notification .
Candidate: send a notification for the specified id .

Sample 2755:
Reference: undoes the operation encoded by this log record .
Candidate: undoes the current transaction

Sample 2756:
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message

Sample 2757:
Reference: initializes all live attributes for this element .
Candidate: initializes all live attributes for this element .

Sample 2758:
Reference: create a new codedinputstream wrapping a literalbytestring .
Candidate: create a new codedinputstream wrapping the given byte array slice .

Sample 2759:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 2760:
Reference: sets up data from encrypted byte that resulted from encryption operation .
Candidate: sets up from input sets with an encoder time .

Sample 2761:
Reference: delete source from resource .
Candidate: delete the resource from the source document .

Sample 2762:
Reference: constructs a instanceofexpr immediate type grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a instanceofexpr immediate type grammar chunk .

Sample 2763:
Reference: converts a string into a standard property name .
Candidate: converts a property name to a to the property list .

Sample 2764:
Reference: convert a boolean to a byte array .
Candidate: convert a boolean to a byte array .

Sample 2765:
Reference: generates a uuid and invokes setuniqueid
Candidate: generate a uuid identifier this method

Sample 2766:
Reference: get the next node in the iteration .
Candidate: get the next node in the iteration .

Sample 2767:
Reference: destroy a joint .
Candidate: destroy a joint .

Sample 2768:
Reference: helper method for creating technical product .
Candidate: creates the equality of the customer with the given organization .

Sample 2769:
Reference: update the checkpoint in the store with the offset sequencenumber in the provided checkpoint .
Candidate: updates the current checkpoint file and copies it to the checkpoint store .

Sample 2770:
Reference: clean up resources acquired by this factory .
Candidate: disposes the robot peer when it is no longer needed .

Sample 2771:
Reference: create an instance of ipaddresstype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 2772:
Reference: special handling return a marker frame descriptor for the namespace base environment .
Candidate: get the <UNK> declaration for a <UNK> frame and returns a <UNK> frame of the .

Sample 2773:
Reference: ensures that the caret is visible by scrolling the text area if necessary .
Candidate: ensures that the caret is visible by scrolling the text area if necessary .

Sample 2774:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2775:
Reference: checks if the candidate is either owner or pending .
Candidate: checks if the candidate matches either owner lock .

Sample 2776:
Reference: guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the map unmodified .
Candidate: removed an entry key and leave the map unmodified .

Sample 2777:
Reference: asynchronously gets the current player count on this server .
Candidate: called the server to detect if it is enabled .

Sample 2778:
Reference: checks if the headers of two instances are equivalent .
Candidate: get an error headers using the saml <UNK> .

Sample 2779:
Reference: will be called when user clicks add new terminal button
Candidate: called when the user is moved to the group .

Sample 2780:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2781:
Reference: can the specified creature do an attack against a specified target ?
Candidate: can if the specified creature can be now ?

Sample 2782:
Reference: resets all token buttons to default unselected color .
Candidate: unregister all selected editors in the user selection pick up button .

Sample 2783:
Reference: start executing operations .
Candidate: starts the service checker to see if messages are due for publishing see the isreadytopublish method .

Sample 2784:
Reference: disables curl logging for this client .
Candidate: disables curl logging for this client .

Sample 2785:
Reference: set header name to given value
Candidate: set header name to given value

Sample 2786:
Reference: parse the string message and generate the replyto list object
Candidate: parse the string message and generate the replyto list object

Sample 2787:
Reference: returns true if at least one item in the list is selected false otherwise .
Candidate: indicates if the selected item is selected selected by the items

Sample 2788:
Reference: this method will cause the stream to append a readable to the stream .
Candidate: append the name to to if needed to the the concetenation if needed .

Sample 2789:
Reference: this method reports the basic compilation rate for a compiler
Candidate: this method reports the current speedup rate for a compiler

Sample 2790:
Reference: returns true if shard is critical .
Candidate: gets the value of the critical property .

Sample 2791:
Reference: return an index position of the given value within a collection map .
Candidate: return an object representing the given name .

Sample 2792:
Reference: return a string representation of the rectangle in a compact form .
Candidate: return a string representation of the rectangle in a compact form .

Sample 2793:
Reference: to fire off the entity reference trace event
Candidate: to fire off the entity reference trace event

Sample 2794:
Reference: is the extension element available ?
Candidate: is the extension element available ?

Sample 2795:
Reference: this message is called to serialize the given result to json .
Candidate: serializes document to string .

Sample 2796:
Reference: update the notification with id .
Candidate: update the notification with id .

Sample 2797:
Reference: start an options request to the given url
Candidate: start an options request to the given url

Sample 2798:
Reference: closes this cache .
Candidate: closes this cache .

Sample 2799:
Reference: bind positional double value to compiled sqlite statement .
Candidate: bind positional double value to compiled sqlite statement .

Sample 2800:
Reference: this checks if a message with the provided id is cached my this list .
Candidate: determines whether the cache is already the the id in the <UNK> .

Sample 2801:
Reference: paints each of the components in this container .
Candidate: paints each of the components in this container .

Sample 2802:
Reference: if this points to set consists entirely of string constants returns a set of these constant strings .
Candidate: if this points to consists entirely of these constant constants returns a set of these constant strings .

Sample 2803:
Reference: append an element to the bodydecl list .
Candidate: append an element to the bodydecl list .

Sample 2804:
Reference: creates and schedules the compilationthread .
Candidate: create the classic thread thread if we can t use in the thread .

Sample 2805:
Reference: forwards session close request to the next logical filter in filter chain .
Candidate: sends session session to close the current session .

Sample 2806:
Reference: checks if at least one feature was selected .
Candidate: checks if at least one feature is selected .

Sample 2807:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2808:
Reference: returns true for the self server
Candidate: returns true if the server is is a for the server .

Sample 2809:
Reference: returns the elements output so far to the main output .
Candidate: returns the remainder output so that the output buffer can be written to the main output of record .

Sample 2810:
Reference: this method is a shortcut to completely clear all entity engine caches .
Candidate: when clear method will flush all existing caches

Sample 2811:
Reference: places the given validation result based on the implementor s strategy .
Candidate: returns the result of the process associated with the specified resource .

Sample 2812:
Reference: loads a remote class from the space the class will be loaded locally into a corresponding lrmiclassloader
Candidate: load the class definition for the given class name .

Sample 2813:
Reference: performs some steps after an admin login
Candidate: requests that the user login failed to the <UNK>

Sample 2814:
Reference: computes log p a in base .
Candidate: returns the log edge in the internal vector .

Sample 2815:
Reference: change the child views .
Candidate: change the child views .

Sample 2816:
Reference: creates the nativecursor for this platform .
Candidate: creates a normal for specific sub process .

Sample 2817:
Reference: exibir acima da barra valor atingido
Candidate: formats an info to a query using a <UNK> .

Sample 2818:
Reference: since this is implemented as a singleton we should avoid the use of the clone method
Candidate: returns a shallow copy of this template .

Sample 2819:
Reference: this occurs if a capture session is created but failed to persist the final image .
Candidate: is called when an error was occurred during screen capturing

Sample 2820:
Reference: construct a name for this component .
Candidate: construct a name for this component .

Sample 2821:
Reference: hide overlapping view by id
Candidate: hide the view view with the passed view id .

Sample 2822:
Reference: get the total number of pages will be if swipetodismiss is enabled
Candidate: get the number of pages in the list

Sample 2823:
Reference: retrieve the user account with certain id .
Candidate: retrieve account for account with the id id

Sample 2824:
Reference: creates color instance out of packed rgb data and double alpha component .
Candidate: creates color instance out of double rgb data and double .

Sample 2825:
Reference: get an integer header from the response falling back to returning if the header is missing or parsing fails
Candidate: get an integer header from the response falling back to returning if the header is missing or parsing fails

Sample 2826:
Reference: description to be displayed in the gui .
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 2827:
Reference: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .
Candidate: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .

Sample 2828:
Reference: stops the watching of etcd values .
Candidate: this the client over the zookeeper client .

Sample 2829:
Reference: marks a test as gracefully finished in the underlying fsm .
Candidate: setup the fsm about a test was started . the end .

Sample 2830:
Reference: is it a web store session
Candidate: returns whether the policy is currently encrypted in a <UNK> session .

Sample 2831:
Reference: create componentcontext for type depicted by implementation class .
Candidate: do there returns a context for a a direct context .

Sample 2832:
Reference: report the internal parameterization errors to another parameterization
Candidate: report the assertions s any for the <UNK> .

Sample 2833:
Reference: translates the specified base string as per preferences . get byte into a byte array .
Candidate: translates the specified base string as per preferences . get byte into a byte array .

Sample 2834:
Reference: auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from querystorageluns operation
Candidate: auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from space .

Sample 2835:
Reference: the doget method of the servlet .
Candidate: the doget method of the servlet .

Sample 2836:
Reference: this function will be invoked after this non volatile object is restored from its allocator
Candidate: this function will be invoked after this object is restored from its allocator

Sample 2837:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 2838:
Reference: get the bigdecimal value corresponding to the instance .
Candidate: the axis max value for the <UNK> bigdecimal is changed .

Sample 2839:
Reference: writes the block file to the specified outputstream .
Candidate: writes this xmlwriter and the output to the output stream .

Sample 2840:
Reference: creates a bundle with the correct arguments for opening this fragment for the website with the given url .
Candidate: creates a bundle with the correct arguments for opening opening fragment with the given url .

Sample 2841:
Reference: lists file paths under the specified path .
Candidate: lists file paths under the specified path .

Sample 2842:
Reference: or any input with a gives a
Candidate: computes a little endian function and returns the of of <UNK> .

Sample 2843:
Reference: include exclude refactoring change from refactoring
Candidate: the the change state of the session .

Sample 2844:
Reference: method to registers the user and launch the chat list
Candidate: register a user to host intent if you can receive a user .

Sample 2845:
Reference: uninstalls this listener from the current text area .
Candidate: uninstalls this listener from the current text area .

Sample 2846:
Reference: preform your animation .
Candidate: handle the animation for will handle a view

Sample 2847:
Reference: returns a boolean stating whether a mp has keyframedata
Candidate: returns a boolean stating whether a flv has <UNK>

Sample 2848:
Reference: looks if this trace is connected to the same object at its start and its end point
Candidate: returns true if this item requires some overlap to the <UNK> .

Sample 2849:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 2850:
Reference: creates new console tab
Candidate: creates the test implementations for the <UNK> to to be run later .

Sample 2851:
Reference: transition listener to active state
Candidate: sets this object is activated .

Sample 2852:
Reference: indirectly redirects to the service list in case the service details page was accessed with an invalid service key .
Candidate: get a url of the request key and converts it to the initiator .

Sample 2853:
Reference: know if this is the default instance .
Candidate: informs if the structure has the default structure .

Sample 2854:
Reference: creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
Candidate: creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .

Sample 2855:
Reference: creates a double quoted javascript string escaping backslashes single quotes double quotes and newlines .
Candidate: make a java string to string and return for javascript entities .

Sample 2856:
Reference: generates the instruction to get the monitor of the top stack value .
Candidate: generates the instruction to get the monitor of the top stack value .

Sample 2857:
Reference: logs the historic number of times that a tap gesture triggered the peeking promo before the user ever opened the panel .
Candidate: logs the historic number of times that a tap gesture triggered the peeking promo before the user ever opened the panel .

Sample 2858:
Reference: returns the source container this file belongs to .
Candidate: this the source container by this container .

Sample 2859:
Reference: returns the address selector state .
Candidate: return the current action state for the mapbean .

Sample 2860:
Reference: call the children visitors .
Candidate: call the children visitors .

Sample 2861:
Reference: should records without an alignment start position be excluded .
Candidate: specifies whether this filter should use to work for the <UNK> .

Sample 2862:
Reference: remove all listeners for request
Candidate: removes the given listener from the list of listeners .

Sample 2863:
Reference: indicates whether this texture atlas contains any elements .
Candidate: indicates whether this texture atlas contains an empty region .

Sample 2864:
Reference: loads all media from the database and resets the data held by the map
Candidate: loads the graphics store from the <UNK> list .

Sample 2865:
Reference: the base address of a given cell
Candidate: returns a raw address address for the given address for the given address .

Sample 2866:
Reference: stops any sync removes listeners
Candidate: stops any sync removes listeners

Sample 2867:
Reference: join an executing data flow instance .
Candidate: joint for the callfuture to a single thread .

Sample 2868:
Reference: set whether the command should return counters related to the job
Candidate: sets the helper filter for the given settings on the specified boolean .

Sample 2869:
Reference: determines how many warmup iterations to perform .
Candidate: number of the blocks up to be executed on the epoch .

Sample 2870:
Reference: a dummy routine to satisify the abstract interface .
Candidate: a dummy routine to satisify the abstract interface .

Sample 2871:
Reference: updates the current subtask of the object .
Candidate: updates the player to update the state of this entity .

Sample 2872:
Reference: dot calculates the dot product of this vector with a provided vector .
Candidate: computes the scalar product dot product of this quaternion unit calls .

Sample 2873:
Reference: main can use this function for writing tests during development .
Candidate: this main method for entry point to alphabetical order .

Sample 2874:
Reference: generates a xml node that represents the distribution .
Candidate: partial processing command converting a xml tree into a new and then it as an xml element .

Sample 2875:
Reference: make the badge visible in the ui .
Candidate: make the badge visible in the ui .

Sample 2876:
Reference: get index of this column name
Candidate: gets the index column index for a column name

Sample 2877:
Reference: compose the message type .
Candidate: gets the message type and keep the esm class at bits .

Sample 2878:
Reference: obtain the matrix as a systemml matrixobject .
Candidate: converts all the rows in double matrix

Sample 2879:
Reference: send a new data chunk
Candidate: sends a message to a message

Sample 2880:
Reference: reset resets the stemmer so it can stem another word .
Candidate: resets resets the stemmer so it can stem another word .

Sample 2881:
Reference: is the given ip muted ?
Candidate: is the telnet mac muted ?

Sample 2882:
Reference: place a call to the specified number .
Candidate: called when the user is started .

Sample 2883:
Reference: constructs an immutable instance which is the combination of the two given instances .
Candidate: constructs an immutable object that is the combination of the given instance with the additional properties .

Sample 2884:
Reference: called by the layoutmanager when an animation should be killed .
Candidate: called by the layoutmanager when an animation should be killed .

Sample 2885:
Reference: removes the exiftag for a tag constant from the given ifd .
Candidate: removes the exiftag for a tag constant from the given ifd .

Sample 2886:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2887:
Reference: gives notification from the document that attributes were changed in a location that this view is responsible for .
Candidate: gives notification from the document that attributes were changed in a location that this view is responsible for .

Sample 2888:
Reference: called when the entity is attacked .
Candidate: check if the entity has been committed to the source

Sample 2889:
Reference: sets the token of this credentials
Candidate: sets the token of this credentials

Sample 2890:
Reference: posts a new request to specified url with parameters that are passed in the argument
Candidate: posts a post request to specified url with parameters that are passed in the argument

Sample 2891:
Reference: gets called when activity resumes in preview .
Candidate: resumes the <UNK> panel to resume the state of the resume .

Sample 2892:
Reference: expected value for the testarray defined in univariatestatisticabstracttest
Candidate: expected value for the testarray defined in univariatestatisticabstracttest

Sample 2893:
Reference: scans the input stream making call backs for each encountered entry on the provided textreadlistener .
Candidate: scans the input stream making call backs for each encountered entry on the provided <UNK> .

Sample 2894:
Reference: retrieve an object that was previously persisted to the database using the indicated id as primary key
Candidate: retrieve an object that is previously persisted to the database using the indicated id as primary key

Sample 2895:
Reference: prints the results to the given stream .
Candidate: prints the results of an in the internal printstream .

Sample 2896:
Reference: return the next token but do not delete it from the queue .
Candidate: return the current token but do not delete it .

Sample 2897:
Reference: ensures that this vector can hold the specified number of elements without growing .
Candidate: ensures that this vector can hold the specified number of elements without growing .

Sample 2898:
Reference: read signed integer value .
Candidate: returns the signed bits at the current position and advances the current position four bytes .

Sample 2899:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 2900:
Reference: write in a binary format .
Candidate: write in a writer using the setting .

Sample 2901:
Reference: creates a string value with the specified content .
Candidate: returns an exact numeric value value as a string .

Sample 2902:
Reference: writes an enum s ordinal value to the buffer as a byte .
Candidate: writes an enum s ordinal value to the buffer as a byte .

Sample 2903:
Reference: flushes the internal state of the list resetting the capacity to the default .
Candidate: flushes the internal state of the list resetting the capacity to the default .

Sample 2904:
Reference: generates code to check that actual receiver and lambdaform matches
Candidate: generates code to check that actual receiver and lambdaform matches

Sample 2905:
Reference: write unsigned integer value .
Candidate: writes a bit unsigned integer to the buffer .

Sample 2906:
Reference: processes the command line arguments and invokes the rebuild process .
Candidate: the main method for line arguments .

Sample 2907:
Reference: stores the given set of strings in the rangzen generic store .
Candidate: stores the given set of strings in the murmur generic store .

Sample 2908:
Reference: returns a string describing this filter
Candidate: returns a string describing this filter

Sample 2909:
Reference: populates the drain with information from the source and the given bundle .
Candidate: saves the passed dialog to validate and also insert if the url have changed .

Sample 2910:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2911:
Reference: this method was generated by apache ibatis ibator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 2912:
Reference: visits a signature corresponding to an array type .
Candidate: visits a signature corresponding to an array type .

Sample 2913:
Reference: checks if user is on is in roaming .
Candidate: returns whether the network is already on the git server .

Sample 2914:
Reference: determine if the value associated with the key is null or if there is no value .
Candidate: determine if the value associated with the key is null or if there is no value .

Sample 2915:
Reference: accept part of the visitor pattern .
Candidate: accept the accept method on the given visitor .

Sample 2916:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 2917:
Reference: if have default value function
Candidate: returns whether the not this property is to be reused .

Sample 2918:
Reference: is this product type service .
Candidate: is this product type service .

Sample 2919:
Reference: for the passed in entitlement environment replace the existing realm dn with the previous value savedrealmdn .
Candidate: restore the environment variables in the environment but not be enforced as a .

Sample 2920:
Reference: schedules a call to hide in delay milliseconds canceling any previously scheduled calls .
Candidate: schedules a call to hide in delay milliseconds canceling any previously scheduled calls .

Sample 2921:
Reference: creates a new modifiers instance which excludes the specified modifiers from this instance .
Candidate: creates a new modifiers instance which excludes the specified modifiers from this instance .

Sample 2922:
Reference: map a value on a linear scale to a value on a power curve
Candidate: converts a double value on the power of a power jvm .

Sample 2923:
Reference: add effect to this firework .
Candidate: add another effect to this firework .

Sample 2924:
Reference: true if the given getter and setter are consistent .
Candidate: gets whether the given type should <UNK> to return its neighbor list .

Sample 2925:
Reference: method will send message to admin write in db after a visitor submits the contact form
Candidate: send a contact message to the chat room .

Sample 2926:
Reference: convert the string .
Candidate: returns a string of strings which is equivalent to to string .

Sample 2927:
Reference: update this union with the given double or float data item .
Candidate: updates this union with the given scalar

Sample 2928:
Reference: get flag indicating whether service has been cancelled or not .
Candidate: returns true if this task is cancelled before it completed .

Sample 2929:
Reference: maps the given source code to the given binary type and its children .
Candidate: maps the given source code to the given binary type and its children .

Sample 2930:
Reference: read optional field boost
Candidate: read optional field boost

Sample 2931:
Reference: default generation of a boolean value
Candidate: initialize an expression for the given block .

Sample 2932:
Reference: floor is not a logical function .
Candidate: min is not a logical function .

Sample 2933:
Reference: skilltarget received num poisoning damage after you used skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget received num damage time the rune carve effect . skillname .

Sample 2934:
Reference: clears the internal copy of the password .
Candidate: clears the password by overwriting it .

Sample 2935:
Reference: finish writing the response .
Candidate: termine la end of bytes .

Sample 2936:
Reference: returns this pipe s source channel .
Candidate: returns the source channel of the pipe .

Sample 2937:
Reference: initializes the cell number format ids array with the specified size
Candidate: initializes the cell number of <UNK> to be the number of <UNK> .

Sample 2938:
Reference: checks if clade i contains clade j .
Candidate: checks if two <UNK> contains a <UNK> of the same sub matrix

Sample 2939:
Reference: open url using system browser
Candidate: open url using system browser

Sample 2940:
Reference: returns true if an encoded value number which is stored in a state refers to an object reference .
Candidate: check if the given key value is a valid base value .

Sample 2941:
Reference: returns the number of insert events for this cq .
Candidate: returns number of events events for this cq .

Sample 2942:
Reference: destroys a presenter removing all references to it .
Candidate: destroys the physical context and frees the resources .

Sample 2943:
Reference: adds a sql group by
Candidate: adds a sql group by

Sample 2944:
Reference: turn off spin mode
Candidate: turn off spin mode

Sample 2945:
Reference: allows the mbean to perform any operations it needs before being unregistered by the mbean server .
Candidate: perform the db to perform any operations when it being good to perform the actions .

Sample 2946:
Reference: returns a string containing a concise human readable description of the certificate .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 2947:
Reference: gets the number of children affected by the notification .
Candidate: returns the number of items in the list .

Sample 2948:
Reference: removes sorunder from beginning end if present
Candidate: returns the name of the <UNK> file resides in a readable flag .

Sample 2949:
Reference: update a dns record .
Candidate: update a dns record .

Sample 2950:
Reference: sets indicator whether to collect cpu statistics .
Candidate: sets <UNK> to cpu number for <UNK> .

Sample 2951:
Reference: returns the package part of a long name .
Candidate: returns the package part of a long name .

Sample 2952:
Reference: writes an unsigned byte into the bytebuffer at a specified position
Candidate: writes an unsigned byte into the bytebuffer at a specified position

Sample 2953:
Reference: creates blocking ha region queue object
Candidate: creates a blockingharegionqueue object .

Sample 2954:
Reference: get a random boolean .
Candidate: replacement method to getting a default of this class access is synchronized

Sample 2955:
Reference: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Candidate: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .

Sample 2956:
Reference: stores the error entry in the current test .
Candidate: stores the error entry in the current test .

Sample 2957:
Reference: this method can be used to shut down burp programmatically with an optional prompt to the user .
Candidate: this method can be used to shut down burp programmatically with an optional prompt to the user .

Sample 2958:
Reference: remove the key from the information .
Candidate: remove a header value .

Sample 2959:
Reference: intercepts output more common case of byte
Candidate: write output of characters

Sample 2960:
Reference: extract text of leafnode .
Candidate: returns text node default if it is off .

Sample 2961:
Reference: update the badge for a specific draweritem identified by its id
Candidate: update the badge for a specific draweritem identified by its id

Sample 2962:
Reference: runs the registered health checks and returns a map of the results .
Candidate: returns the health container used to test if we are running can run .

Sample 2963:
Reference: called when the operating system dependent popup trigger has been triggered .
Candidate: invoked in a popup .

Sample 2964:
Reference: fetch data from finger sites if needed generate the omgraphics with the current projection regardless .
Candidate: prepares a channel and prepares the data if it is not possible .

Sample 2965:
Reference: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated string with the result .
Candidate: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated string with the result .

Sample 2966:
Reference: only close frame etc dispose disposes of all cached panes
Candidate: only close frame etc disposes disposes of all cached panes

Sample 2967:
Reference: sends a message without tts to the desired channel .
Candidate: sends the message to the channel .

Sample 2968:
Reference: load items for which history should be loaded .
Candidate: loads the items as the list .

Sample 2969:
Reference: refill the bucket based on current time .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> value to time delta and wait for the time .

Sample 2970:
Reference: translate a greater than expression
Candidate: translate a translate expression

Sample 2971:
Reference: helper for getflags returning true if subpixel text flag bit is set
Candidate: helper function to check if the <UNK> should be edited in the <UNK> .

Sample 2972:
Reference: returns whether or not the request has oauth proxy related headers .
Candidate: returns true if there is any authentication proxy to the <UNK> proxy .

Sample 2973:
Reference: rounds a double to the given number of decimal places .
Candidate: rounds a double to the given number of decimal places .

Sample 2974:
Reference: links two reil blocks .
Candidate: links a collection with two nodes that represent a sparql tree .

Sample 2975:
Reference: displays a pretty printed program counter without instructionid
Candidate: convert a function to a string describing the type variables as a string .

Sample 2976:
Reference: get new type variable
Candidate: get new type variable

Sample 2977:
Reference: this method copies the data of the given field to the current data . br
Candidate: this method copies the data of the given field to the current data . br

Sample 2978:
Reference: returns true if this is the primary database connection .
Candidate: returns true if this is the primary database connection .

Sample 2979:
Reference: tells whether a redo is possible
Candidate: tells whether a redo is possible

Sample 2980:
Reference: removes all mappings from the table .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 2981:
Reference: return whether another tree is available .
Candidate: return true if an object is another tree .

Sample 2982:
Reference: special call mostly used in testing to clear the internal object caches so we can reset state .
Candidate: clear all cached entries in the cache cache .

Sample 2983:
Reference: the animation has completed having reached its endpoint .
Candidate: the animation has completed having reached its endpoint .

Sample 2984:
Reference: read field represented as vm specific byte sequence .
Candidate: reads the atomic field reference from the base type .

Sample 2985:
Reference: visits the class bound of the last visited formal type parameter .
Candidate: visits the class bound of the last visited formal type parameter .

Sample 2986:
Reference: the utility api of copying all data in inputstream to outputstream .
Candidate: copy all data from the input stream to an outputstream .

Sample 2987:
Reference: returns the number of elements in the vector .
Candidate: returns the number of elements number to the number .

Sample 2988:
Reference: returns true if the hour tickmarks will be drawn .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is the heading of the <UNK> or not .

Sample 2989:
Reference: get time slot .
Candidate: returns whether the not this is a continuous slot to the <UNK> .

Sample 2990:
Reference: responds to the update of a gesture in progress .
Candidate: responds to the update of a gesture in progress .

Sample 2991:
Reference: creates a new instance .
Candidate: create a new input context for the specified map .

Sample 2992:
Reference: merges all qualifying links ignoring length threshold .
Candidate: runs the background network while ensuring it runs the given threshold .

Sample 2993:
Reference: process the http post request verify input create menu
Candidate: the dopost method of the servlet .

Sample 2994:
Reference: updates the cached values for the minimum and maximum data values on the basis that the specified item has just been removed .
Candidate: updates the maximum slot in the cache and update the maximum data maximum .

Sample 2995:
Reference: creates a notification to indicate that a computation is in progress .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> progress for the the review .

Sample 2996:
Reference: all use default class simply tinker install method
Candidate: all use default class simply tinker install method

Sample 2997:
Reference: add a bound of a given kind this might trigger listener notification
Candidate: add a bound of a given kind this might trigger listener notification

Sample 2998:
Reference: forces a forcemerge .
Candidate: should a a merge number of the or <UNK> entries for the <UNK> .

Sample 2999:
Reference: maps the internal representation of a statement to the soda object model .
Candidate: portable mapping statement and returns the constraint of the statement .

Sample 3000:
Reference: return the day counter used for date double conversion
Candidate: return the day of month for the <UNK> .

Sample 3001:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 3002:
Reference: test sql where parameter for validity
Candidate: test sql where parameter for validity

Sample 3003:
Reference: rule to combine two bins or entries into one .
Candidate: given the two element and second .

Sample 3004:
Reference: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .
Candidate: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .

Sample 3005:
Reference: cleans up local environment of the task .
Candidate: cleans up local environment of the task .

Sample 3006:
Reference: determines if the given feature is present .
Candidate: check if there is a present the the security name .

Sample 3007:
Reference: reset the control to it s initial state
Candidate: resets any internal state the implementation has after a decode to prepare it for reuse .

Sample 3008:
Reference: creates token authority for a tenant .
Candidate: creates a session token by a particular tenant id the of the tenant .

Sample 3009:
Reference: input that allows data from the entity store to be backed up .
Candidate: the backup object that the backup .

Sample 3010:
Reference: get a new xpathapi instance
Candidate: get a new xpathapi instance

Sample 3011:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 3012:
Reference: adds ps command arguments to this parameters .
Candidate: set the usage command to use the the classifiers created

Sample 3013:
Reference: called on ondown event .
Candidate: called on ondown event .

Sample 3014:
Reference: validate the view parameter expression and evaluate the expression returning the result object .
Candidate: validate the <UNK> and returns the result of a given xpath expression .

Sample 3015:
Reference: reverse the specified range of the specified array .
Candidate: reverse the specified range of the specified array .

Sample 3016:
Reference: assert that s is is not assignable to t
Candidate: check that the <UNK> type is an instanceof type and type is assignable from type .

Sample 3017:
Reference: creates a new entry and copies the value and other state from an existing entry .
Candidate: gets the entry entry of a bucket using the provided key .

Sample 3018:
Reference: called when a mouse button is released .
Candidate: called when the mouse is released .

Sample 3019:
Reference: finally dispose the scope .
Candidate: remove the current request .

Sample 3020:
Reference: removes two bytes from this source and returns a big endian short .
Candidate: consume a byte signed integer .

Sample 3021:
Reference: reads the named field and returns its value .
Candidate: reads the named field and returns named .

Sample 3022:
Reference: find the classpath urls for a specific classpath resource .
Candidate: finds a url instance for the provided url and resource .

Sample 3023:
Reference: returns true if a ui update is pending .
Candidate: returns true if a ui update is pending .

Sample 3024:
Reference: opens the given snapshot writer .
Candidate: opens the snapshot writer for this snapshot .

Sample 3025:
Reference: returns the number of elements in this queue .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this queue .

Sample 3026:
Reference: set the baud rate .
Candidate: set the baud rate .

Sample 3027:
Reference: verify that key is a legal value for the verticalalignment or verticaltextposition properties .
Candidate: check every alignment key to be focused in the focused character .

Sample 3028:
Reference: optional function to specify what a username in your chat app can look like .
Candidate: optional function to specify what a username in your chat app can look like .

Sample 3029:
Reference: displays the dialog window .
Candidate: displays the dialog window .

Sample 3030:
Reference: unsubscribes from changes in the current position .
Candidate: unsubscribes from changes in the current position .

Sample 3031:
Reference: deletes a file and logs the result .
Candidate: deletes the file to the empty dir .

Sample 3032:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 3033:
Reference: count how many nodes in this subtree rooted from n . if we can modify the data structure we can save the count with each node .
Candidate: count the nodes of the given node if not .

Sample 3034:
Reference: save factory at storage .
Candidate: saves a factory method to the single uri and populating it with any .

Sample 3035:
Reference: add an implicit scalar detector .
Candidate: adds a new <UNK> for the given tag and also places the differences as a .

Sample 3036:
Reference: is already fighting a duel with another opponent .
Candidate: you have failed to receive the duel .

Sample 3037:
Reference: returns true if this request has been canceled .
Candidate: returns true if this request has been canceled .

Sample 3038:
Reference: invoked after the parent group of the node changed .
Candidate: invoked after the parent group of the group changed in this node .

Sample 3039:
Reference: reset the count in increment mode
Candidate: reset the count in increment mode

Sample 3040:
Reference: indicate that the expression return type is single event of a given event type .
Candidate: return the expression that has been added to a caller .

Sample 3041:
Reference: indicates whether the current row has been updated .
Candidate: indicates whether the current row has been updated .

Sample 3042:
Reference: writes the bounds of this desktop component to the provided stream .
Candidate: save the image resources in the passed to disk

Sample 3043:
Reference: it returns whether the gc activity is concurrent .
Candidate: it false for gc to invalidate out of concurrent who .

Sample 3044:
Reference: creates a launch action section . . . of iso .
Candidate: creates a launch action section . . . . of iso .

Sample 3045:
Reference: called when a ritual is completed
Candidate: called when the side is no longer accepted on the specified side .

Sample 3046:
Reference: returns the ip address of the host that the process is running on as a string in the dot separated integer format .
Candidate: returns the ip address of the local host object that is the dot on with the given address .

Sample 3047:
Reference: attempts to add amt fuel points to the rocket
Candidate: adds and updates the positions and resets the positions and

Sample 3048:
Reference: called when an user presence has been updated
Candidate: called when a user is part of the chat .

Sample 3049:
Reference: removes indicated cookies from persistence .
Candidate: removes indicated cookies from persistence .

Sample 3050:
Reference: opens a stream to the given uri also providing the mime type length .
Candidate: opens a stream to the given uri also providing the mime type length .

Sample 3051:
Reference: create a cached thread pool using a named thread factory
Candidate: creates a new singleton service with the given name name .

Sample 3052:
Reference: whether to block on a wait latch .
Candidate: waits for the latch to complete .

Sample 3053:
Reference: invoked when the request timeout of the current request has been changed .
Candidate: called when a timeout request has been received from the <UNK> .

Sample 3054:
Reference: this method will delete the folders recursively
Candidate: this method will delete the folders recursively

Sample 3055:
Reference: updates the markdown display .
Candidate: updates the current use and update the text dialog .

Sample 3056:
Reference: just true or false for the item stack .
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> should be <UNK> for the <UNK> .

Sample 3057:
Reference: called when there s any progress on the download not called when loading from cache .
Candidate: called when there s any progress on the download not called when loading from cache .

Sample 3058:
Reference: register a callback for when the application completes a run
Candidate: register a callback for when the application finishes .

Sample 3059:
Reference: selects the item at the given zero relative index in the receiver s list .
Candidate: initializes an item at the receiver s instructions which will look at the position .

Sample 3060:
Reference: this method initializes the partitionedregiondatastore for this pr .
Candidate: initializes the region s region attributes to the cache .

Sample 3061:
Reference: closes the underlying socket .
Candidate: closes the underlying socket .

Sample 3062:
Reference: adds a custom potion effect to this potion .
Candidate: set custom effect of armor of this potion .

Sample 3063:
Reference: allow children to be added to this node
Candidate: get summary level .

Sample 3064:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3065:
Reference: return if the vertex has an inverse negative relationship of the type to the target .
Candidate: return if the vertex has an inverse negative relationship of the type to the target .

Sample 3066:
Reference: measure current tuple throughput and calculate one five and fifteen minute exponentially weighted moving averages .
Candidate: measure current tuple throughput and calculate one five and fifteen minute exponentially weighted moving averages .

Sample 3067:
Reference: changes the root of the model .
Candidate: changes the root of the model .

Sample 3068:
Reference: tests if this enumeration contains more elements .
Candidate: tests if this enumeration contains more elements .

Sample 3069:
Reference: gets all nodes in the topology .
Candidate: gets all the pending requests which the join node .

Sample 3070:
Reference: transforms all coords of the figure by the current transform attribute and then sets the transform attribute to null .
Candidate: transforms all coords of the figure by the current transform attribute and then sets the transform attribute to null .

Sample 3071:
Reference: returns true if arc identifies a scalar object .
Candidate: returns true if arc identifies a scalar object .

Sample 3072:
Reference: checks if the provided annotation type is likely to be the intended type for the given annotation node .
Candidate: checks if the annotation ast node provided is likely to be an instance of the provided annotation type .

Sample 3073:
Reference: converts the specified image into a compatible buffered image .
Candidate: convert a image to an image coordinate system .

Sample 3074:
Reference: method called at the end of every frame .
Candidate: called after the frame is been physically to the frame .

Sample 3075:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3076:
Reference: append a rectangle to the total dirty region of this shape
Candidate: adds a dirty region to the old state .

Sample 3077:
Reference: adds the given file to the list of changed files .
Candidate: adds the given file to the list of file or be changed .

Sample 3078:
Reference: notifies the monitoring system that a rate tracker must be incremented and the rate information recalculated .
Candidate: adds an amount of evaluations and recalculates the rate .

Sample 3079:
Reference: returns true if the rounding is considered to use too many digits of the double for a fast rounding
Candidate: check if the decimal <UNK> is used to keep the <UNK> warning .

Sample 3080:
Reference: gets the dual of this edge directed from its left to its right .
Candidate: gets the ccw edge around the edge of this edge .

Sample 3081:
Reference: returns true if field putrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field putrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 3082:
Reference: cancel the authorization request .
Candidate: cancel the authorization request .

Sample 3083:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 3084:
Reference: invoked when the data source has been fully loaded .
Candidate: invoked when the data source has been fully loaded .

Sample 3085:
Reference: a valid ip address each block should be from to should not be x or xx
Candidate: checks if a string is a valid and and and

Sample 3086:
Reference: s attack speed is restored to normal .
Candidate: you cannot trade automatically because the empyrean is marked .

Sample 3087:
Reference: decline method that is invoked when the removeinitiator event is declined note in order to maintain backwards compatibility do not change the signature of this method .
Candidate: remove an entry from the same criteria as part of the same criteria .

Sample 3088:
Reference: called to indicate the completion of a seek operation .
Candidate: called to indicate the completion of a seek operation .

Sample 3089:
Reference: returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product .
Candidate: returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product .

Sample 3090:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3091:
Reference: create label with given name and value .
Candidate: convenience method for creating a label value

Sample 3092:
Reference: does the apothecary have water in it ?
Candidate: returns true if there is an water number of the <UNK> .

Sample 3093:
Reference: crawl up the hierarchy incrementing the eviction count
Candidate: <UNK> to getting the hierarchy entry and skip to zero zero zero

Sample 3094:
Reference: creates a new adapter for the default case .
Candidate: creates a new adapter for the default case .

Sample 3095:
Reference: button pushed add a background image .
Candidate: add a background indicator to the given url

Sample 3096:
Reference: converts an arraylist bytestring to an arraylist byte .
Candidate: converts an array containing to byte list

Sample 3097:
Reference: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .
Candidate: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .

Sample 3098:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented trait to the <UNK> type .

Sample 3099:
Reference: add compiled code to the cache
Candidate: store an object in the source .

Sample 3100:
Reference: removes and returns the first element from this list .
Candidate: removes and returns the first element from this list .

Sample 3101:
Reference: get an optional string associated with a key .
Candidate: get an optional string associated with a key .

Sample 3102:
Reference: handle an exception which occurred during the publishing of a log record .
Candidate: handle an error indicating that the error should be written to the writer .

Sample 3103:
Reference: scales up to full screen mode .
Candidate: navigate to the screen coordinates in full screen .

Sample 3104:
Reference: determines whether a cell is in the column range to allow for editing .
Candidate: determines whether a cell is in the column range to allow for editing .

Sample 3105:
Reference: send a what a terrible failure log message and log the exception .
Candidate: send a what a terrible failure log message and log the exception .

Sample 3106:
Reference: should the node jvm be returned .
Candidate: returns whether the jvm data be returned .

Sample 3107:
Reference: execute a task after the given delay .
Candidate: executes the given runnable while using the delay delay .

Sample 3108:
Reference: calls this target as a root method .
Candidate: method to call a <UNK> object

Sample 3109:
Reference: sets the context of the command .
Candidate: called after plugin construction and fields have been initialized .

Sample 3110:
Reference: sets partition id for this key .
Candidate: partition partition for specified .

Sample 3111:
Reference: returns whether it has the datatype such as string integer and date or an ontology specific uri .
Candidate: returns whether it has the type of the property

Sample 3112:
Reference: prints the given string .
Candidate: prints the given string .

Sample 3113:
Reference: override this if only printing only syntactic output which saves pipeline models from having to build dependencies .
Candidate: override this method to return true if the animal should be emitted before the <UNK> .

Sample 3114:
Reference: visits a line number declaration .
Candidate: visits a line number declaration .

Sample 3115:
Reference: convert a list of persistentauditevent to a list of auditevent
Candidate: convert a list of persistentauditevent to a list of auditevent

Sample 3116:
Reference: reset the count in increment mode
Candidate: reset the count in increment mode

Sample 3117:
Reference: rotates a relative side into a direction global size .
Candidate: scaling the left index of the given color to compare two boundaries .

Sample 3118:
Reference: make a string representation of the exception .
Candidate: supplies the <UNK> to an the stack trace using a throwable .

Sample 3119:
Reference: provides raw data from the stream to the packetbuffer
Candidate: add data data to this interface .

Sample 3120:
Reference: assigns the specified int value to each element of the specified array of ints .
Candidate: assigns the specified int value to each element of the specified array of ints .

Sample 3121:
Reference: remove a backlog quota policy from a namespace .
Candidate: removes a <UNK> quota from the current namespace .

Sample 3122:
Reference: indicates if the debugging for the named token is on or off .
Candidate: determine whether we want the usage for the api client .

Sample 3123:
Reference: close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Candidate: close the given cursor and remove it from the map

Sample 3124:
Reference: invalidates the cache of the latest bound view .
Candidate: invalidate the view view when needing to invalidate the view .

Sample 3125:
Reference: writes the specified bit int in big endian order .
Candidate: writes the specified bit int in big endian order .

Sample 3126:
Reference: get use of distributed cache clear mechanism status
Candidate: get use of distributed cache clear mechanism status

Sample 3127:
Reference: throws the given throwable downcast if it s of the appropriate type
Candidate: throw an exception if the stack is of a class and which couldn t throw the exception .

Sample 3128:
Reference: dump all data header and rows
Candidate: dumps this utterance in textual state .

Sample 3129:
Reference: make sure all the new lines that were added to the old vphasereport get added to all of the players filters
Candidate: add a new schedule to the spawn . only if it is master .

Sample 3130:
Reference: add an item to the collection .
Candidate: adds the specified item to the end of this list .

Sample 3131:
Reference: returns whether userresponse represents a valid value .
Candidate: returns whether <UNK> represents a valid value .

Sample 3132:
Reference: converts an int array containing an ipv address into a dotted quad string .
Candidate: converts a array containing an ipv address into an dotted quad address .

Sample 3133:
Reference: logs a message to the configured error logger .
Candidate: print a error message to the log dir .

Sample 3134:
Reference: return a java object that s closest to the representation that should be handed to an extension .
Candidate: return a java object that s closest to the representation that should be handed to an extension .

Sample 3135:
Reference: override the abstract implementation because that is not stable in concurrent requests
Candidate: determine if the symbol contains the given key .

Sample 3136:
Reference: add the given view to the current ais .
Candidate: create new order for new .

Sample 3137:
Reference: parses a changeset id from the current entity .
Candidate: reads the cell id id and returns the default number of <UNK> .

Sample 3138:
Reference: determine whether the given class represents a persistent entity .
Candidate: returns whether the class represents represents the persistent class or method .

Sample 3139:
Reference: scrolls the view to the given child .
Candidate: scrolls the view to the given child .

Sample 3140:
Reference: removes a listener that was notified about changes in the replacement .
Candidate: removes a listener that was previously notified about changes in the replacement .

Sample 3141:
Reference: create an object user secret key
Candidate: add a secret key to the system .

Sample 3142:
Reference: is this lock currently held ?
Candidate: returns true if the wake lock has been acquired but not yet released .

Sample 3143:
Reference: prints the document in the jtextpane .
Candidate: print the user using the edit file

Sample 3144:
Reference: checks to make sure there is a transaction to use
Candidate: check the service with the the target service

Sample 3145:
Reference: checks whether the contenttype field has been set
Candidate: checks whether the content field has been set

Sample 3146:
Reference: checks if is orientation changed .
Candidate: returns true if the sensor is has been changed .

Sample 3147:
Reference: delete a legionmember from the legionmembers list
Candidate: removes all member and and all related data from the cache

Sample 3148:
Reference: this function is used to get string as response for the contents of a file
Candidate: returns the response headers from the http file .

Sample 3149:
Reference: exports this node to the given document .
Candidate: exports this node to the given document .

Sample 3150:
Reference: adds the classpath for the loader as paths in the mergepath .
Candidate: adds the classpath as paths in the class of paths .

Sample 3151:
Reference: update the throttling point
Candidate: update the throttling point

Sample 3152:
Reference: creates and returns a copy of this object .
Candidate: creates and returns a copy of this object .

Sample 3153:
Reference: if any locks in this collection that are still active .
Candidate: determines if the lock is currently active or not .

Sample 3154:
Reference: special char delimiter converter
Candidate: special char delimiter converter

Sample 3155:
Reference: returns the names of any static libraries that have been linked into the executable .
Candidate: returns the names of any static libraries that have been linked into the executable .

Sample 3156:
Reference: makes a tag value given a field number and wire type .
Candidate: makes a tag value given a field number and wire type .

Sample 3157:
Reference: add a menu item to be displayed when the popup menu is called for when in view mode .
Candidate: add a <UNK> menu to the list of menu items .

Sample 3158:
Reference: returns true if we are currently in a lt font gt tag .
Candidate: returns true if we are currently in a lt font gt tag .

Sample 3159:
Reference: helper method to check whether a bit index is valid or not .
Candidate: checks that the index is a valid index .

Sample 3160:
Reference: evaluates the given script .
Candidate: compiles the given script .

Sample 3161:
Reference: checks a single character .
Candidate: checks a single character .

Sample 3162:
Reference: gets a properties object containing the properties parsed by a cassandra daemon to determine its rack and data center .
Candidate: uses a properties . this property to properties properties .

Sample 3163:
Reference: clears all errors checks the operator and its children and propagates meta data propgatates dirtyness and sorts execution order .
Candidate: checks and all <UNK> in the <UNK> cache for performance reasons .

Sample 3164:
Reference: writes native heap data to the specified file descriptor .
Candidate: dump the native memory file into the memory .

Sample 3165:
Reference: applies the mutation operator to an individual particle .
Candidate: insert a transaction was done .

Sample 3166:
Reference: configures the library to check against installations from outside the google play store .
Candidate: set the <UNK> to be used to instantiate the latest value for writing to the .

Sample 3167:
Reference: set the checkmark and fire the event .
Candidate: call this method and clear the event .

Sample 3168:
Reference: defines an initial set of objects that are queried without joining to some previous table objects identified by ids are queried from the database
Candidate: retrieves one or generated objects from one to a given one

Sample 3169:
Reference: write the message headers to the given outputstream
Candidate: writes the body of binary headers to a writer and any of the headers to

Sample 3170:
Reference: gets all available messages .
Candidate: counts everything and sorts to the <UNK> to be cleaned up .

Sample 3171:
Reference: removes the log file .
Candidate: removes the incremental update log file .

Sample 3172:
Reference: send this message to the server .
Candidate: send this message to the server .

Sample 3173:
Reference: generates arrays of elements and sorts them as a warmup
Candidate: stops the <UNK> up time handling up to the program .

Sample 3174:
Reference: performs additional tasks required for an update command .
Candidate: performs additional tasks required for a specific command .

Sample 3175:
Reference: start a timer to cycle through child views
Candidate: start a timer to cycle through child views

Sample 3176:
Reference: deletes an access token from the oauth provider s store .
Candidate: deletes an access token

Sample 3177:
Reference: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .
Candidate: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .

Sample 3178:
Reference: set the background color of the buttons when clicked
Candidate: set the background color to the mouse button in the background color .

Sample 3179:
Reference: disables metrics for the server by setting opt out to true in the config file and canceling the metrics task .
Candidate: enable the user defined task .

Sample 3180:
Reference: display toast for image loading failure .
Candidate: this method is checks if an image is be loaded by a toast .

Sample 3181:
Reference: copies the state of the given frame into this frame .
Candidate: copies the state of the given frame into this frame .

Sample 3182:
Reference: checks if there already exists a subscription with the same subscriptions name for this organization .
Candidate: verifies a user with a given key is received for the same <UNK> .

Sample 3183:
Reference: tests if the file exists .
Candidate: tests if the path or named path exists .

Sample 3184:
Reference: used to create a context with no beanfactory usually in tests .
Candidate: obtains the context from the beanfactory if not null emits a warning if the beanfactory is missing .

Sample 3185:
Reference: prints the stack trace of this exception the the standar error stream .
Candidate: outputs a printable representation of the receiver s <UNK> on the system . err stream .

Sample 3186:
Reference: send outgoing data message is guaranteed to be serialized .
Candidate: sends a message guaranteed to be sent

Sample 3187:
Reference: returns the tckind object associated with the discriminator of this union .
Candidate: returns the tckind value of the discriminators typecode .

Sample 3188:
Reference: fire vetoable change listener for row changes
Candidate: fires binding property change events for a particular property .

Sample 3189:
Reference: requests the provided permissions for a fragment instance .
Candidate: request permissions in permissions to show rationale if a permissions has already granted .

Sample 3190:
Reference: return the count of unseen messages
Candidate: return the count of unseen messages of the session of found or <UNK> of

Sample 3191:
Reference: checks if this numericshaper is contextual supporting multiple script ranges or not .
Candidate: checks if this numericshaper is contextual supporting multiple script ranges .

Sample 3192:
Reference: scroll the focused textfield to xpercent y in document space
Candidate: <UNK> the native text for the native window editor .

Sample 3193:
Reference: spawns a thread to deactivate the object .
Candidate: spawns a thread to deactivate the object .

Sample 3194:
Reference: construct a new simplereact builder with a new task executor and retry executor with configured number of threads
Candidate: create a new lazyreact builder with a task executor and retry executor to the given executor .

Sample 3195:
Reference: creates an editor without applying any decorators .
Candidate: creates a new editor which is the type to an the symbol table .

Sample 3196:
Reference: converts type integer to a bit mask for setting checking type
Candidate: converts this type to a primitive type

Sample 3197:
Reference: locks the device window in landscape mode .
Candidate: locks the framework orientation to use

Sample 3198:
Reference: returns the current lexical state .
Candidate: returns the current lexical state .

Sample 3199:
Reference: visits a type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .
Candidate: visits a type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .

Sample 3200:
Reference: removes a user defined attribute with the specified key .
Candidate: removes a user defined attribute with the specified key .

Sample 3201:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 3202:
Reference: return whether all roots of a subscriber are included or if the collector is only consider a subset of the resources .
Candidate: indicates whether the not should be reloaded by the <UNK> .

Sample 3203:
Reference: checks if a mailboxfolder name is the same name as the current folder .
Candidate: determines if the user is allowed to keep the <UNK> folder .

Sample 3204:
Reference: decommissions the node .
Candidate: transfer this client s data to other node and remove it from .

Sample 3205:
Reference: adds a duration to this instant specifying how many times to add .
Candidate: adds a duration to this instant .

Sample 3206:
Reference: returns the method that was exited .
Candidate: returns the method that was entered .

Sample 3207:
Reference: this will be used to get the sort temo location
Candidate: update the sort to the temporary file linearization order to avoid overriding plugins .

Sample 3208:
Reference: test if a character is number .
Candidate: test if a character is numeric .

Sample 3209:
Reference: computes the hash code of a repeated float field .
Candidate: computes the hash code of a repeated float field .

Sample 3210:
Reference: writes the source name map to out .
Candidate: adds the source name to the destination .

Sample 3211:
Reference: generate a specified number of points
Candidate: generate function to generated given number of results

Sample 3212:
Reference: after npc respawns drop should be unregistered todo more correct on despawn
Candidate: unregister all timers associated with the <UNK> id and remove them from the .

Sample 3213:
Reference: indicates whether any of the filters associated with this matched values control matches the provided attribute type value .
Candidate: determines if the attribute type contains a named exception with the provided type name .

Sample 3214:
Reference: checks if a url matches this rule .
Candidate: checks if a url matches this rule .

Sample 3215:
Reference: clears all the domain markers .
Candidate: clear all the highlights markers .

Sample 3216:
Reference: determines whether or not the interior of the arc entirely contains the specified rectangle .
Candidate: determines whether or not the interior of the arc entirely contains the specified rectangle .

Sample 3217:
Reference: atomically decrements by one the current value .
Candidate: atomically decrements by one the current value .

Sample 3218:
Reference: is the server in a sql mode that doesn t allow us to use to escape things ?
Candidate: is the server in sql mode in the mode that doesn t allow us to escape ?

Sample 3219:
Reference: called when the blue float value has changed .
Candidate: called when the blue float value has changed .

Sample 3220:
Reference: calculate hash code for specified object and fields .
Candidate: compute the hash of value for the specified collection .

Sample 3221:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 3222:
Reference: get if id column is encrypted
Candidate: check if a boolean of to be used or ais

Sample 3223:
Reference: perform this action on the sectionstate .
Candidate: perform the action state the section state .

Sample 3224:
Reference: update the attribute s internal state randomly .
Candidate: updates the updated association on the dock context .

Sample 3225:
Reference: this method enables label with fps value on the screen
Candidate: this method enables label with fps value on the screen

Sample 3226:
Reference: cause autoscrolling to stop
Candidate: stops the timer thread .

Sample 3227:
Reference: returns the set of names of introspected methods properties that should be available via the templatehashmodel interface .
Candidate: removes the set of key from the objects that we have

Sample 3228:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 3229:
Reference: removes the uri port option .
Candidate: removes the uri uri to the default uri .

Sample 3230:
Reference: suspend the task whenever possible .
Candidate: suspends additional tasks checker for an execution .

Sample 3231:
Reference: flatten a map into an xmlserializer .
Candidate: flatten a map into an xmlserializer .

Sample 3232:
Reference: adds an offer listener .
Candidate: adds a listener to the list of listener .

Sample 3233:
Reference: called after the view has been created .
Candidate: called after the view has been created .

Sample 3234:
Reference: non dom used by domparser reset data for the node .
Candidate: replace the replace string value the specified string property with the specified string .

Sample 3235:
Reference: returns if any text changes are managed for the specified compilation unit .
Candidate: tells if a given unit is changed in the given cu compilation .

Sample 3236:
Reference: dst rotateright src src log size .
Candidate: dst src src log src .

Sample 3237:
Reference: returns true if the status of the location is safe .
Candidate: returns true if the status of the location is safe .

Sample 3238:
Reference: is called when image loading task was started
Candidate: is called when image loading task was started

Sample 3239:
Reference: resets the component to the initial state .
Candidate: resets the component to the initial state .

Sample 3240:
Reference: parses the content length .
Candidate: parses the <UNK> and return it from the first of the the .

Sample 3241:
Reference: you can receive the weekly quest again at in the morning on .
Candidate: you cannot use the time of the empyrean lords .

Sample 3242:
Reference: draws the first character of the string .
Candidate: draw a text to the top of the <UNK> .

Sample 3243:
Reference: copy a resource into the workdir
Candidate: copy a single directory to the resource file .

Sample 3244:
Reference: get the squared distance between this vector and another .
Candidate: get the squared distance between this vector and another .

Sample 3245:
Reference: adding an item to list at given index
Candidate: add an item to the list of tracked listeners

Sample 3246:
Reference: a function that folds a value into a mutable result container .
Candidate: get an immutable value holding an attribute value .

Sample 3247:
Reference: customize the progress bar color inside loading view .
Candidate: specify the color bar color to use the the default color .

Sample 3248:
Reference: determine if the specified font family is a symbol font
Candidate: returns true if the given string is a valid symbol font .

Sample 3249:
Reference: compare each other vector equals
Candidate: tests if the value for this equal to hold

Sample 3250:
Reference: return true if multiple namespaces are supported
Candidate: return true if multiple namespaces are supported

Sample 3251:
Reference: writes a string as a sequence of chars .
Candidate: writes a string as a sequence of chars .

Sample 3252:
Reference: drops underlying database table using daos .
Candidate: drops underlying database table using daos .

Sample 3253:
Reference: draws the background of the view .
Candidate: calculates the background that the keyboard area has the keyboard changed .

Sample 3254:
Reference: auto generated axis call back method for querycatalog method override this method for handling normal response from querycatalog operation
Candidate: auto generated axis call back method for low method override this method for handling normal response from querycatalog operation

Sample 3255:
Reference: returns the first index in the specified character sequence of one of the character of this set .
Candidate: index index for all the character of the set of the character of the specified character sequence .

Sample 3256:
Reference: writes an exception to file even if that exception isn t serializable .
Candidate: writes the given message to the static file .

Sample 3257:
Reference: enables or disable debug logging through logcat .
Candidate: enables or disable debug logging through logcat .

Sample 3258:
Reference: scale the original font of a component by a given factor
Candidate: scale the original font of a component by a given factor and change the style

Sample 3259:
Reference: method just exists to make program easier to read .
Candidate: method just exists to make program easier to read .

Sample 3260:
Reference: match a tt number token that matches a parsed number value
Candidate: called when the number of token that matches the current number of a token .

Sample 3261:
Reference: notify listeners that a task was started .
Candidate: tells the task listeners was a task .

Sample 3262:
Reference: create an immutable set from the supplied items .
Candidate: split an set of set that it s elements .

Sample 3263:
Reference: return true if the q value has been set .
Candidate: return true if the q value has been set .

Sample 3264:
Reference: remove an annotation for the group .
Candidate: remove an annotation for the group .

Sample 3265:
Reference: find the migration with the passed name .
Candidate: finds the <UNK> info for the passed host path and tears down

Sample 3266:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the from channels feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the from channels feature .

Sample 3267:
Reference: construct a new unconfigured instance .
Candidate: creates a new version version .

Sample 3268:
Reference: if the players gag has expired remove it .
Candidate: try to send the player to sleep if the player is still alive .

Sample 3269:
Reference: calls ssohealthstatistics in idm to increment generate tokens for a tenant .
Candidate: the number of generated tokens for for generated .

Sample 3270:
Reference: creates a new non fatal decode exception with the provided message and root cause .
Candidate: creates a new non fatal decode exception with the provided message .

Sample 3271:
Reference: is this a proposal not binding
Candidate: is this a proposal code or quotation

Sample 3272:
Reference: dock the given child onto the given parent which is itself a child of this class .
Candidate: dock the given child onto the given parent which is itself a child of this class .

Sample 3273:
Reference: connects a parent node with a child node .
Candidate: connects a parent node with a child node .

Sample 3274:
Reference: gets the value of the other property .
Candidate: gets the value of the other property .

Sample 3275:
Reference: perform an action on a class .
Candidate: called after visiting a json attribute

Sample 3276:
Reference: kick off background jobs
Candidate: start the tasks in the <UNK> thread to start a pause task .

Sample 3277:
Reference: transition to the cancelled state .
Candidate: returns true if the status has been set to this subscription .

Sample 3278:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3279:
Reference: terminates the topmost secondary loop if any .
Candidate: locks the native window to avoid the native <UNK> .

Sample 3280:
Reference: check if a command is registered for a given notification
Candidate: check if a command name is registered for a given notification

Sample 3281:
Reference: a block around the bus s host has been changed .
Candidate: called when the user changes changed .

Sample 3282:
Reference: reads in the given csv dataset as a simple csv file
Candidate: reads in the given csv dataset as a <UNK> csv

Sample 3283:
Reference: render the message and its parts to out using cues from context .
Candidate: prints a new message .

Sample 3284:
Reference: trims the capacity of the receiver to be the receiver s current size .
Candidate: trims the capacity list to be the <UNK> of size .

Sample 3285:
Reference: rotating position on the z axis positive .
Candidate: unlocks the right as the the axis .

Sample 3286:
Reference: returns the xml reppresentation of the privatedata .
Candidate: required method to be implementing classes .

Sample 3287:
Reference: compute the value of the modifier
Candidate: computes the <UNK> difference of the two matrices of <UNK> .

Sample 3288:
Reference: read a string value in the registry
Candidate: read a string value in the preference value .

Sample 3289:
Reference: check if the support for large payload message if enabled .
Candidate: returns whether if the high side level is enabled for the

Sample 3290:
Reference: determine if the glyphs should have a strikethrough line .
Candidate: returns whether the strikethrough attribute is set to the attributes .

Sample 3291:
Reference: this method should draw the month day .
Candidate: this method should draw the month day .

Sample 3292:
Reference: initialize ipreconfig manager .
Candidate: initializes the <UNK> to cluster to the <UNK> of this volumeingestioncontext s <UNK> .

Sample 3293:
Reference: animates a new tab opening .
Candidate: animates a new tab opening .

Sample 3294:
Reference: returns a new glyphvector object created with the specified array of characters and the specified fontrendercontext .
Candidate: returns a new glyphvector object created with the specified array and the specified fontrendercontext .

Sample 3295:
Reference: validate there is no cyclic referencing in the aliasing
Candidate: validate there is no cyclic referencing in the aliasing

Sample 3296:
Reference: add name as the last component in remaining name .
Candidate: add name as the last component in remaining name .

Sample 3297:
Reference: destroy lifecycle method should be called in corresponding activity fragment lifecycle method
Candidate: clean up all resources associated with the webview .

Sample 3298:
Reference: called when a viewholder is needed for a section header view
Candidate: creates a header header for data header

Sample 3299:
Reference: reads the contents of this source as a string .
Candidate: reads the contents of this source as a string .

Sample 3300:
Reference: open the connection to the database .
Candidate: opens the blob to be executed by the current directory .

Sample 3301:
Reference: load parse the aiml file as a chat log .
Candidate: load a script file from a log log .

Sample 3302:
Reference: returns the number of outputstreams in this compositeoutputstream its cardinality .
Candidate: gets total number of tasks

Sample 3303:
Reference: this template method should set the xlink href attribute on the input element parameter
Candidate: this template method should set the xlink href attribute on the input element parameter

Sample 3304:
Reference: converts this duration to an interval starting at the specified instant .
Candidate: wraps this interval interval to the highest half interval in the specified start .

Sample 3305:
Reference: add an entry that this removeall operation should distribute .
Candidate: add an entry to this removeall server .

Sample 3306:
Reference: provides the human readable representation for including programmermanagers directly in e . g .
Candidate: provides the human readable representation for including programmermanagers directly in e . g .

Sample 3307:
Reference: global info for this bean .
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 3308:
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .

Sample 3309:
Reference: opens the key purchase menu .
Candidate: open the default menu menu if it is not visible .

Sample 3310:
Reference: adds a list map reference .
Candidate: adds a list map reference .

Sample 3311:
Reference: adds the given entity class to expose the entity as repository .
Candidate: adds the given entity class to use as the entity definition .

Sample 3312:
Reference: deletes a local code node comment from the list of local code node comments associated to this code node
Candidate: deletes a local code node comment the list of comment code to code code node .

Sample 3313:
Reference: called during every onviewcreated
Candidate: called during every onviewcreated

Sample 3314:
Reference: if connection last used time is minutes away treat it as expired
Candidate: true if the configuration expired is expired or false .

Sample 3315:
Reference: before delete do not delete
Candidate: executed before delete operation .

Sample 3316:
Reference: returns false if this block contains any parts or facades true other wise .
Candidate: determines if there are no models in the stack .

Sample 3317:
Reference: on touch letter section
Candidate: called when the user is found on a <UNK> section

Sample 3318:
Reference: print appropriate messages for unsuccessful outcome try
Candidate: print appropriate messages for unsuccessful outcome try

Sample 3319:
Reference: removes an accept string .
Candidate: removes all accept an accept element .

Sample 3320:
Reference: returns whether this tile source is loaded and ready to provide its tile .
Candidate: returns whether the if the module is loaded .

Sample 3321:
Reference: ends the type arguments of a class or inner class type .
Candidate: ends the type arguments of a class or inner class type .

Sample 3322:
Reference: called when the ui is being removed from the interface of a jtextcomponent .
Candidate: called when the ui is being removed from the interface of a jtextcomponent .

Sample 3323:
Reference: you received num damage due to skillname .
Candidate: you inflicted num damage on skilltarget by using skillname .

Sample 3324:
Reference: hook to perform final actions on a pooled connection object once it has been disconnected and will be discarded
Candidate: standard method to close pooled pooled object once it has been acquired .

Sample 3325:
Reference: terminates the application stopping any running tasks .
Candidate: terminates the application stopping any running tasks .

Sample 3326:
Reference: separates the creation of the canvas from its initialization when the size of the required graphics buffer document container is known .
Candidate: returns the canvas to be used to rendering .

Sample 3327:
Reference: handles an error .
Candidate: non an error . appropriate exception .

Sample 3328:
Reference: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s http message editor for the extension to use in its own ui .
Candidate: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s http message editor for the extension to use in its own ui .

Sample 3329:
Reference: delete the stored checkpoint for the given partition .
Candidate: delete the given basicblock and waits for the provided partition .

Sample 3330:
Reference: returns true if there is advice woven at this tracepoint and therefore it should be invoked
Candidate: checks if the logistic is is a pressure for this <UNK> .

Sample 3331:
Reference: creates a new y axis d object from the world origin .
Candidate: creates a new axis relative vector to the x y coordinate

Sample 3332:
Reference: returns true if sampling is enabled .
Candidate: returns true if the is is enabled for the movement .

Sample 3333:
Reference: preprocess a gama object before exportation .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> instance for the <UNK> cells and picking buttons .

Sample 3334:
Reference: updates the ui of the passed in window and all its children .
Candidate: updates the ui of the passed in window and all its children .

Sample 3335:
Reference: to be called when the connector is being permanently closed .
Candidate: to be called when the connector is being permanently closed .

Sample 3336:
Reference: finds first number modulo second number
Candidate: just an double .

Sample 3337:
Reference: backfit confidence value does nothing if the confidence value is already set .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> value for the given number of <UNK> values .

Sample 3338:
Reference: if available when the disable output escaping attribute is used output raw text without escaping .
Candidate: if available when the disable output escaping attribute is used output raw text without escaping .

Sample 3339:
Reference: log a message at the specified level
Candidate: logs the given message to an arbitrary log color .

Sample 3340:
Reference: adds partition unload event .
Candidate: partition partition information to the cache and notify it .

Sample 3341:
Reference: returns the index within the specified string of the first occurrence of the specified search character .
Candidate: returns the index within the specified string of the first occurrence of the specified search character .

Sample 3342:
Reference: make circle view be visible and even scale .
Candidate: re initialize the svg view for the <UNK> bar and expand to the .

Sample 3343:
Reference: on set custom chat row provider
Candidate: on set custom chat row provider

Sample 3344:
Reference: returns true if the example is stopped .
Candidate: returns true if the example is stopped .

Sample 3345:
Reference: does this index belong to a primary key constraint ?
Candidate: does this index belong to a primary key constraint ?

Sample 3346:
Reference: remove leading and trailing space from the start and end of the buffer .
Candidate: remove leading and trailing space from the start and end of the buffer .

Sample 3347:
Reference: sets the request commit index .
Candidate: sets the committed index for a given index .

Sample 3348:
Reference: refreshes the current session manually using password .
Candidate: refreshes the current session information manually using the authentication .

Sample 3349:
Reference: removes all formatting and colours from a line of irc text .
Candidate: removes all formatting and colours from a line of irc text .

Sample 3350:
Reference: fling on side panel .
Candidate: called on the side of the left side to a touch scroll events .

Sample 3351:
Reference: adds the specified constant to this enum .
Candidate: adds the specified constant to this enum .

Sample 3352:
Reference: binds data to the item view for a given position within a section
Candidate: binds data to the item view for a given position within a section

Sample 3353:
Reference: returns the thread of the caller that is the current thread .
Candidate: returns the thread of the caller that is the current thread .

Sample 3354:
Reference: check for exact amount of money on the player .
Candidate: check that the the left hand is in the <UNK> room .

Sample 3355:
Reference: identifies and use vnx specific attributes to read the corresponding values from vnx storage pool indication
Candidate: identifies and use vmax specific attributes to read the corresponding values from vmax storage pool indication

Sample 3356:
Reference: shows a dialog where the comment of a text node can be edited .
Candidate: shows a previously visible tree dialog for the specified title in the dialog .

Sample 3357:
Reference: caches the foos in the entity cache if it is enabled .
Candidate: caches the foos in the entity cache if it is enabled .

Sample 3358:
Reference: perform a full reboot of the system .
Candidate: does this <UNK> and drains the <UNK> to see if this is unable to do .

Sample 3359:
Reference: create a datebuilder with initial settings for the current date and time in the given locale .
Candidate: create a datebuilder with the date settings for the epoch and the system default timezone .

Sample 3360:
Reference: adds a recipe for the fluid heater
Candidate: adds a recipe for the <UNK> recipe

Sample 3361:
Reference: returns a short string describing this certificate attribute .
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 3362:
Reference: selects nth template from the list in createpagewindow
Candidate: selects nth records from the list in createpagewindow

Sample 3363:
Reference: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .
Candidate: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .

Sample 3364:
Reference: resumes the document listener notification by sending out the remembered partition changed and document event .
Candidate: resumes the document listener notification by sending out the changed partition and changed event .

Sample 3365:
Reference: moves the iterator to the next segment of the path forwards along the primary direction of traversal as long as there are more points in that direction .
Candidate: moves the iterator to the next segment of the path forwards along the primary direction of traversal as long as there are more points in that direction .

Sample 3366:
Reference: returns an input stream which may be used to read the items contents .
Candidate: returns an input stream which may be read through the zip file .

Sample 3367:
Reference: returns true the supplemental character corresponding to the given surrogates .
Candidate: returns true the supplemental character corresponding to the given surrogates .

Sample 3368:
Reference: check whether this hash contains any key value pair that satisfies the condition .
Candidate: return true if the sum of this value contains the given condition which also satisfy the given predicate .

Sample 3369:
Reference: convenience method to ensure that a string is non null and non empty .
Candidate: checks if the string string is valid to a valid string .

Sample 3370:
Reference: returns the current lexical state .
Candidate: returns the current lexical state .

Sample 3371:
Reference: toggles whether the cube will be shown inside out or outside in .
Candidate: toggles the unused mode intersecting for the <UNK> window .

Sample 3372:
Reference: appends the rdn sequence representing the provided relation .
Candidate: appends the rdn sequence representing an alternate relation .

Sample 3373:
Reference: called when the view is pressed .
Candidate: called widget widget automatically when widget not removed from this widget .

Sample 3374:
Reference: creates a new instance of the test class with fields populated with random values .
Candidate: creates a new targeted object .

Sample 3375:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3376:
Reference: asynchronously executes a query and stores the results in the given table instance .
Candidate: load a query and stores the results in the given table instance .

Sample 3377:
Reference: out is the same as in plus the genset .
Candidate: out is the same as in plus the <UNK> .

Sample 3378:
Reference: verify a logging event at the debug level with the given message and throwable .
Candidate: verify a logging event at the debug level with the given message .

Sample 3379:
Reference: this any anything to the right of this char is part of the post dial string eg this is pause or wait
Candidate: returns whether if the specified character is allowed for unix time

Sample 3380:
Reference: initializes the global comment of a code node .
Candidate: initializes the global code node comments with a code node .

Sample 3381:
Reference: write the bit vector to a file .
Candidate: writes a bit set a file to a file

Sample 3382:
Reference: perform backup specifying the minimum delay the backup should be performed in seconds .
Candidate: shuts the backup threshold for the the recording number .

Sample 3383:
Reference: get the chunk size .
Candidate: get the chunk size .

Sample 3384:
Reference: optional sets whether the button should request the users location information when clicked
Candidate: sets <UNK> to be the <UNK> object that has been clicked .

Sample 3385:
Reference: create a shader object from the given classpath resource .
Candidate: create a shader object from the given classpath resource .

Sample 3386:
Reference: called whenever the spring leaves its resting state
Candidate: called whenever the spring leaves its resting state

Sample 3387:
Reference: callback to notify that future is cancelled .
Candidate: this is what s execution of the execution environment .

Sample 3388:
Reference: fire startelement endelement events .
Candidate: fire startelement endelement events .

Sample 3389:
Reference: retrieve the mode flags of the formatter .
Candidate: get the current mode mode

Sample 3390:
Reference: removes the triple x y z from the set of dotted underlined triples .
Candidate: removes a node from the x y z and if it is not an empty copy .

Sample 3391:
Reference: resets the unmanagedvolume iterator and sets the current unmanagedvolume back to null .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> registry to be used for the <UNK> server .

Sample 3392:
Reference: the logic to execute when the btncancel is clicked .
Candidate: the logic to execute when the btncancel is clicked .

Sample 3393:
Reference: check if the value for an option has been set .
Candidate: check if the value for an option an option has been set .

Sample 3394:
Reference: this method stores the supplied list of trace fragments .
Candidate: this method is called when the mapping of <UNK> .

Sample 3395:
Reference: finds the input position from an output position .
Candidate: find the content of a input for which be displayed in order .

Sample 3396:
Reference: adds the given operator to the currently selected operators .
Candidate: adds the operator operator to the selected operators .

Sample 3397:
Reference: this method is used to clear the entire sdk cache in the event that eventservice notifies that all entries have been modified or should be marked dirty .
Candidate: this method is used to clear the entire sdk cache in the event that eventservice notifies that all entries have been modified or should be marked dirty .

Sample 3398:
Reference: indicates the reason why this stream was canceled .
Candidate: indicates the reason why this stream was canceled .

Sample 3399:
Reference: returns the lifecycle state of the service .
Candidate: returns the current session state .

Sample 3400:
Reference: for each workbench type enables the arrow tools which that workbench can use and disables all others .
Candidate: for each workbench type enables the arrow tools which workbench can be placed in the workbench .

Sample 3401:
Reference: removes all data stored in the underlying model .
Candidate: removes all the table and the the the the .

Sample 3402:
Reference: adds component to the form s content pane
Candidate: adds a component to the list of components added to the default component

Sample 3403:
Reference: return the digest .
Candidate: record the digest of the passed in <UNK> .

Sample 3404:
Reference: test that a client that has not seen the second change from server now receive it .
Candidate: accept from server with the id a change that the first has been opened .

Sample 3405:
Reference: decodes the elements from the provided asn . read as an ldap unbind request protocol op .
Candidate: read the <UNK> request to read a request message reader .

Sample 3406:
Reference: return the maximum number of parameter this trigger can have if none .
Candidate: return the maximum number of parameter this statement can have if none .

Sample 3407:
Reference: returns a query expression that represents a matching constraint on a string argument .
Candidate: returns a query expression that represents a matching constraint on a string argument .

Sample 3408:
Reference: read the named public static field .
Candidate: read an accessible static field .

Sample 3409:
Reference: called when layout specific actions are needed after the animation finishes .
Candidate: called when layout specific actions are needed .

Sample 3410:
Reference: clear all resource types .
Candidate: removes any resource type from an ae .

Sample 3411:
Reference: create a new namespace .
Candidate: create a new namespace .

Sample 3412:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 3413:
Reference: are the two pointers an alias with context insensitive points to information ?
Candidate: returns true if this unit is composed the the system side of the two properties f .

Sample 3414:
Reference: runs embedded jetty server which exposes traces and spans servlets exposed over http protocol .
Candidate: executes the command of the command line .

Sample 3415:
Reference: create child from parent .
Candidate: create child from parent .

Sample 3416:
Reference: destroys all listeners registered under this object
Candidate: clean up the server s connections from the underlying state .

Sample 3417:
Reference: triggered when the background activity completes an operation
Candidate: triggered when the background activity completes an operation

Sample 3418:
Reference: called when the zone is updated such as when the coloring changes .
Candidate: called when time zone is trying to receive zone .

Sample 3419:
Reference: helper method that returns the number of bytes that would be used by the int fields when appended to a bytearraybuilder .
Candidate: helper method that returns the integers of by the methods of appended to a bytearraybuilder .

Sample 3420:
Reference: convert char uint to hex string
Candidate: convert char uint to hex string

Sample 3421:
Reference: removes an attribute from the set .
Candidate: removes an attribute from the set .

Sample 3422:
Reference: create a drawable from file path name .
Candidate: create a drawable from file path name .

Sample 3423:
Reference: set the class which will be instantiated and executed when a trigger fires that is associated with this jobdetail .
Candidate: sets the list of how to use the the specified class .

Sample 3424:
Reference: called when the right arrow button is clicked .
Candidate: called when the the popup menu button is clicked .

Sample 3425:
Reference: revocation event to be canceled .
Candidate: revocation event to be canceled .

Sample 3426:
Reference: called from readthismapxml when a start tag is not recognized .
Candidate: called from readthismapxml when a start tag is not recognized .

Sample 3427:
Reference: on track point element end .
Candidate: called when the user is attempted to extract the title .

Sample 3428:
Reference: indicates whether the method invocation should be monitored .
Candidate: determines if the context is is to be accepted by the context .

Sample 3429:
Reference: registers the metadata for this element .
Candidate: registers the metadata for this element .

Sample 3430:
Reference: determines if the layout is valid along the given axis .
Candidate: determines if the layout is valid along the given axis .

Sample 3431:
Reference: return the angle in radians represented by this quaternion rotation .
Candidate: return the angle in radians represented by this quaternion rotation .

Sample 3432:
Reference: stops the timer .
Candidate: cancels the timer timer if the timer does not stop the timer if started .

Sample 3433:
Reference: appends a sorted operation to the provided stream .
Candidate: appends a sorted operation to the provided stream .

Sample 3434:
Reference: clear all loaded svg icons
Candidate: clears the <UNK> map from the <UNK> map .

Sample 3435:
Reference: clears the state of all mouseevents .
Candidate: clears the state of all mouseevents .

Sample 3436:
Reference: updates the current subtask of the object .
Candidate: updates the player to update the state of this entity .

Sample 3437:
Reference: converts the buffer s contents into a string translating bytes into characters according to the platform s default character encoding .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the text area .

Sample 3438:
Reference: check whether the policy has granted a permission to a protectiondomain .
Candidate: check whether the policy has granted a permission to a protectiondomain .

Sample 3439:
Reference: tests if the this method is ready to be executed .
Candidate: ensures that the given deadline should be thrown instead of the <UNK> and throws an exception .

Sample 3440:
Reference: returns a string representing this lagged factor .
Candidate: convert this to tostring .

Sample 3441:
Reference: returns true for inbound threading enabled the default is false for not enabled .
Candidate: returns whether the pool is <UNK> for a partitioned connection .

Sample 3442:
Reference: callback upon authentication failure .
Candidate: notification on authentication authentication information in an authentication parameter .

Sample 3443:
Reference: stop android operation queue and remove all operations
Candidate: stops all pending threads that are pending in the future .

Sample 3444:
Reference: removes a mapping from this activitymap .
Candidate: removes a mapping from this activitymap .

Sample 3445:
Reference: pauses the process at a breakpoint .
Candidate: tell the state of a process to be executed .

Sample 3446:
Reference: gets the value of the askforpassword property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 3447:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 3448:
Reference: export content image as a jpeg file .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> object from the given supplier .

Sample 3449:
Reference: set the minimum prefix length for fuzzy queries .
Candidate: sets the name number of docs to be searched for the query query .

Sample 3450:
Reference: select this tab .
Candidate: select this tab .

Sample 3451:
Reference: returns true if the openam version of the war file is newer than the one currently deployed .
Candidate: determine if the deployed version of openam is the than the same version version .

Sample 3452:
Reference: wether this switch is currently ready to be controlled by this controller
Candidate: wether this switch is currently ready to be controlled by this controller

Sample 3453:
Reference: gets the index of the given type which must have been added to this instance .
Candidate: gets the index of the given type which must have been added to this instance .

Sample 3454:
Reference: show the annotation view .
Candidate: show the intersection of the remote file in the given viewer .

Sample 3455:
Reference: paints the border of a radio button .
Candidate: paints the border of a radio button .

Sample 3456:
Reference: executes scripts stored in script files against container .
Candidate: called when the script file starts to delete the temporary files .

Sample 3457:
Reference: returns the next lexical unit in the context of a start tag .
Candidate: returns the start element corresponding to the first character of this query .

Sample 3458:
Reference: reads an signed exp golomb coded format integer .
Candidate: reads an signed exp golomb coded format integer .

Sample 3459:
Reference: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .
Candidate: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .

Sample 3460:
Reference: called when the content is being closed with an animation .
Candidate: called when the content is about to be executed .

Sample 3461:
Reference: writes the given data packet to the xmpp stream .
Candidate: writes the data to to the <UNK> to the classes and

Sample 3462:
Reference: action triggered by the event .
Candidate: action triggered by the event .

Sample 3463:
Reference: create new custom string validator that throws given exception on invalid parameter .
Candidate: constructs new min query validator with given given condition .

Sample 3464:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 3465:
Reference: paints the background of a scroll pane .
Candidate: paints the background of a scroll pane .

Sample 3466:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 3467:
Reference: the amount of time in milliseconds until sagetv will perform an epg update again .
Candidate: returns the amount of time that sagetv should be adjusted to the last time .

Sample 3468:
Reference: gets the value of the askforpassword property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 3469:
Reference: create an instance of audiencerestrictionconditiontype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 3470:
Reference: return true if the image format support alpha channel .
Candidate: returns true if the system is a valid channel for the <UNK> .

Sample 3471:
Reference: check to see if portcontroller object can be sent to .
Candidate: test if the is is already present in the send or other interface .

Sample 3472:
Reference: returns credentials for this client connection .
Candidate: gets client credentials for authentication process .

Sample 3473:
Reference: the bounds define the shape of the nodebar so just draw it
Candidate: the bounds define the <UNK> of the <UNK> so just draw it

Sample 3474:
Reference: returns hash value for given object .
Candidate: returns hash value for given object .

Sample 3475:
Reference: create a new table in the schemamanager .
Candidate: creates a new definition tables for the current or

Sample 3476:
Reference: saves an action to the datastore
Candidate: returns true if the log entry an entry to the log directory .

Sample 3477:
Reference: sets property to true if target file s have a more recent timestamp than each of the corresponding source file s .
Candidate: has the specified properties without filled dates .

Sample 3478:
Reference: transform the path by stretching and translating it to meet the new rendered size .
Candidate: transform all the matrices using the diagonal matrices the video direction of the view .

Sample 3479:
Reference: checks if field is optional .
Candidate: return true if the input to be optional .

Sample 3480:
Reference: check if the simulation is still running .
Candidate: determines if the alive timer is started .

Sample 3481:
Reference: returns the number of edges in this digraph .
Candidate: returns the number of edges in this edge weighted graph .

Sample 3482:
Reference: write a variable size long .
Candidate: write variable variable as a variable .

Sample 3483:
Reference: deletes a video from a user or community page .
Candidate: deletes a video of the video user .

Sample 3484:
Reference: returns true if the field is transient .
Candidate: returns true if the field is transient .

Sample 3485:
Reference: execute an update statement .
Candidate: execute an update statement .

Sample 3486:
Reference: shortcut internally has a cache for channels api response .
Candidate: update the existing properties cache for a given channel .

Sample 3487:
Reference: adds a pattern to the pattern list with a default weight of
Candidate: adds a new pattern on top on the existing of appending existing .

Sample 3488:
Reference: gets the offset of the glyph relative to the block for this index subtable .
Candidate: gets the offset of the glyph relative to the block for this index subtable .

Sample 3489:
Reference: remove from cache all the entries related to a ledger up to lastposition included .
Candidate: update a new entry for the current marker if it is not changed .

Sample 3490:
Reference: too many open files in system
Candidate: too many open files in system

Sample 3491:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 3492:
Reference: add the given words to the set of keywords .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to the <UNK> list of <UNK> functions .

Sample 3493:
Reference: save the contents of the file to the file store .
Candidate: save the contents of the byte array to the file store .

Sample 3494:
Reference: set a task to run when the global queue setqueue class is empty
Candidate: add a task to run when it is not exist and prevent it .

Sample 3495:
Reference: receive notification of the end of an element .
Candidate: receive notification of the end of an element .

Sample 3496:
Reference: checks if an emoji exists for the unicode short code decimal or hexadecimal html entity
Candidate: check if the given code is a stanza with <UNK> .

Sample 3497:
Reference: executes queued compaction deltas and unpauses compaction delta replication .
Candidate: stops replicate that the previously added to the <UNK> room .

Sample 3498:
Reference: updates the mapping of known alerts .
Candidate: updates the modified mechanism for all players changed in the workbench .

Sample 3499:
Reference: method to start the computation
Candidate: begin for the elements elements to start the simulation if no longer the the best .

Sample 3500:
Reference: expands a single volume having potentially mixed technology attributes .
Candidate: expand the location entries to the passed block .

Sample 3501:
Reference: closes the filters in a graph .
Candidate: close the network publisher .

Sample 3502:
Reference: indicates if class has given annotation .
Candidate: indicates if class class has given annotation .

Sample 3503:
Reference: create a fuse that has not yet been triggered .
Candidate: constructs a new joiner that contains not yet the triggered .

Sample 3504:
Reference: adds a new calendar location .
Candidate: adds a new event location .

Sample 3505:
Reference: sets number array type custom metadata property .
Candidate: sets text based custom metadata property .

Sample 3506:
Reference: this method is called when the connection to the server is lost .
Candidate: indicates that no longer was no longer was sent and no longer be sent as a member .

Sample 3507:
Reference: create a new table caption object or return an existing one .
Candidate: create a new table caption object or return an existing one .

Sample 3508:
Reference: tests if the accessibility of this proto is less restricted than the accessibility of the given proto
Candidate: returns if if this is a more detail for the given type .

Sample 3509:
Reference: the server method for writing a request to the client to deselect all the graphics .
Candidate: set the <UNK> to for drawing <UNK> and setting a graphic info when a graphic arrives .

Sample 3510:
Reference: convenience shutdown method for di containers like spring .
Candidate: this initiates the orderly method to allow for all threads .

Sample 3511:
Reference: add internal parameters for the script
Candidate: add commands for the to the that contains the resulting context .

Sample 3512:
Reference: create a harbormaster api compatible representation of the lint result
Candidate: convert a jsonobject representing to the object s api .

Sample 3513:
Reference: removes a switch port from suppress lldp set
Candidate: removes a switch port from suppress lldp set

Sample 3514:
Reference: commits the histogram .
Candidate: commits the histogram .

Sample 3515:
Reference: get all parameters from header value in response p this will be all key value pairs after the first that are separated by a
Candidate: get all parameters from header value in response p this will be all key value pairs after the first that are separated by a

Sample 3516:
Reference: method that is called when a client cancels the request .
Candidate: method that is called when a client cancels the request .

Sample 3517:
Reference: build request options with set values .
Candidate: builds the <UNK> and build the parts for a image with a single image .

Sample 3518:
Reference: fills in the integer array that is supplied as an argument with the current system color values .
Candidate: fills in the integer array that is an as an argument with the current system color values .

Sample 3519:
Reference: expose all visible circuitbreakers in jmx .
Candidate: registers the <UNK> treatment provider is <UNK> .

Sample 3520:
Reference: called safely in ui thread
Candidate: this is in subclasses to keep the thread when it is not

Sample 3521:
Reference: gets total number of transaction rollbacks .
Candidate: get the number of unprocessed entries in this cluster .

Sample 3522:
Reference: the requested stored p p group info list is available
Candidate: called when the user wants to extract a group of <UNK> .

Sample 3523:
Reference: checks if the given char is the character representation of one of the digit from to .
Candidate: checks if the given char is the character representation of one of the digit from to .

Sample 3524:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 3525:
Reference: validates the default value .
Candidate: called if the key with no key is not null .

Sample 3526:
Reference: checks whether the given type is the same as this type or a subtype .
Candidate: this if this is the supertype of the given base type is this .

Sample 3527:
Reference: the example set has to be tagged with ids .
Candidate: the user id has to be at least one bug .

Sample 3528:
Reference: performs cleanup when the activity fragment using the adapter is destroyed .
Candidate: performs cleanup when the activity fragment using the adapter is destroyed .

Sample 3529:
Reference: checks if given string is a valid md hash string using pattern
Candidate: determines to see if the given character corresponds to the md hash .

Sample 3530:
Reference: returns true if term is within k edits of the query term
Candidate: does the equals hash a single term of the given byte .

Sample 3531:
Reference: create a triangle mesh shape .
Candidate: creates a mesh mesh in the zone .

Sample 3532:
Reference: get predefined write replacer associated with class .
Candidate: writes a diagnostic writer to the <UNK> of this class and all its descendants .

Sample 3533:
Reference: returns a list of matching languages tags using the basic filtering mechanism defined in rfc .
Candidate: returns a list of matching languages tags using the basic filtering mechanism defined in rfc .

Sample 3534:
Reference: sets all the request flags .
Candidate: sets all stats request .

Sample 3535:
Reference: convert a string to uppercase using the english locale .
Candidate: convert a string to uppercase using the english locale .

Sample 3536:
Reference: enters a new lexical state
Candidate: enters a new lexical state

Sample 3537:
Reference: creates and returns the object responsible for updating the treestate when nodes expanded state changes .
Candidate: creates a leaf listener that can be notified when updating the tree items .

Sample 3538:
Reference: merge the termvectors from each of the segments into the new one .
Candidate: merge the vector s coordinates to the log file .

Sample 3539:
Reference: return whether the preference s constraints are met .
Candidate: return true if any <UNK> violation support for any statement .

Sample 3540:
Reference: explicitly refresh one or more indices making the content indexed since the last refresh searchable .
Candidate: the <UNK> is <UNK> to be the indices of the <UNK> .

Sample 3541:
Reference: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 3542:
Reference: remove this mapper from the container and all child containers
Candidate: remove propertychange listeners for the container containers .

Sample 3543:
Reference: removes the given columns
Candidate: removes the given columns

Sample 3544:
Reference: called when new contributions arrived .
Candidate: the default implementation does nothing .

Sample 3545:
Reference: returns an iterator over the non null values .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the non null values .

Sample 3546:
Reference: allows you to add additional greetings to npcs
Candidate: add a greeting entity box .

Sample 3547:
Reference: this method processes the supplied in headers and content .
Candidate: processes the specified javascript object based on the start of and <UNK> .

Sample 3548:
Reference: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .
Candidate: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .

Sample 3549:
Reference: creates a map from an encoded name value pair string
Candidate: creates a map from an encoded name value pair string

Sample 3550:
Reference: return a tip text suitable for displaying in a gui
Candidate: return a new tip text for this property .

Sample 3551:
Reference: associates a search routing value to the alias
Candidate: associates a routing routing value associated with the alias

Sample 3552:
Reference: called when this fragment has been scrolled out of the activity .
Candidate: called when the user is visible to hide the activity not in the the screen .

Sample 3553:
Reference: changes the placement side of this component and mirrors it at the vertical line through p pole .
Candidate: <UNK> this <UNK> marking the given line number p pole .

Sample 3554:
Reference: divides two shader variables .
Candidate: divides two shader variables .

Sample 3555:
Reference: converts a string to utf encoding .
Candidate: converts a string to utf encoding .

Sample 3556:
Reference: return a string representation of the instruction given a program counter value and a symbolfinder .
Candidate: returns the length of of the variables added to a symbol .

Sample 3557:
Reference: performs the wrap function
Candidate: performs the wrap graph

Sample 3558:
Reference: asynchronously writes an actors state .
Candidate: writes writes an actors and state processing .

Sample 3559:
Reference: model the stack for instructions handled by handlenormalinstruction .
Candidate: if a short instruction for the given virtual file is not changed .

Sample 3560:
Reference: insert element e into the binary search tree .
Candidate: insert element e into the binary search tree .

Sample 3561:
Reference: returns top margin of divider .
Candidate: returns top margin of divider .

Sample 3562:
Reference: it visits the in memory tree that represents a bill of materials and it collects info of its nodes in the list .
Candidate: it visits the in memory tree that represents a bill of materials and it collects info of its nodes in the list .

Sample 3563:
Reference: resolves uninitialized fields after xml deserialization .
Candidate: helper method to read the service of the benchmark .

Sample 3564:
Reference: returns a list of alerts by status enabled alerts or disabled alerts .
Candidate: get a list of alerts for the most status check .

Sample 3565:
Reference: execute a delete request and invoke the callback on completion .
Candidate: convenience method delete a parameter on the search server and perform a successful image .

Sample 3566:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 3567:
Reference: returns true if there are any unread messages in the conversation .
Candidate: returns whether if we have the messages for this <UNK> .

Sample 3568:
Reference: gets the set of labels required at the time of matching a vertex in a cypher match pattern .
Candidate: returns the expression that is used to generate a comma or all of the query .

Sample 3569:
Reference: begins the move action with the specified begin position in world coordinates .
Candidate: begins the move action with the specified begin position in world coordinates .

Sample 3570:
Reference: return the top margin to vertically center an element of given height in an area with given total height .
Candidate: calculates the top of the map size and the to to the bottom of of .

Sample 3571:
Reference: method for checking if the task has finished execution .
Candidate: whether the observer of the call completed and this call to be .

Sample 3572:
Reference: verifies that the last call to readtag returned the given tag value .
Candidate: verifies that the last call to readtag returned the given tag value .

Sample 3573:
Reference: add new layers to the server request using the default style .
Candidate: add a texture to the list of segments to the <UNK> .

Sample 3574:
Reference: generates a pop instruction .
Candidate: generates a pop instruction .

Sample 3575:
Reference: programmatically opens the options menu .
Candidate: programmatically open the options menu .

Sample 3576:
Reference: reads a command tag from the request .
Candidate: reads a tag of the next method

Sample 3577:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 3578:
Reference: returns new builder of item meta data .
Candidate: returns new builder of item meta data

Sample 3579:
Reference: return whether this document contains no fields and is therefore empty .
Candidate: determines if there are no models in the stack .

Sample 3580:
Reference: filter the device s type string from data
Candidate: answers a filter type name for the highest filter type .

Sample 3581:
Reference: returns the number of scheduled activities
Candidate: returns the number of thread threads .

Sample 3582:
Reference: adds new child to the list of mixed children .
Candidate: adds a single element to the list of <UNK> expressions .

Sample 3583:
Reference: returns the person that an airing must have to be included in this favorite .
Candidate: returns the last airing that is the specified to the the second block .

Sample 3584:
Reference: clears the cache .
Candidate: remove all the <UNK> entries from the cache .

Sample 3585:
Reference: get closed status .
Candidate: returns true if the operation is completed .

Sample 3586:
Reference: clears the value of the minorcode field
Candidate: clears the value of the previously field field

Sample 3587:
Reference: parses a xml property list from an input stream .
Candidate: parses a xml property list from an inputstream .

Sample 3588:
Reference: obtiene si el campo es multivalor .
Candidate: obtiene si el campo es multivalor .

Sample 3589:
Reference: changes the connection status of the client
Candidate: changes the connection status of the client

Sample 3590:
Reference: checks whether port is available .
Candidate: we do not use socket check on a socket ?

Sample 3591:
Reference: invoke the error handler .
Candidate: invoke the error handler .

Sample 3592:
Reference: determine if the coordinate is within the bounding geometry of the field s geometries .
Candidate: checks if the is point is contained in the bounding point to shape .

Sample 3593:
Reference: based on the data provided in the command line it displays replication status .
Candidate: test the data provided purge the command line the command line was written to the <UNK> . operation .

Sample 3594:
Reference: adds new attribute schema to an existing service .
Candidate: add an attribute to to the schema service the new one of the new services

Sample 3595:
Reference: add to actual min qty
Candidate: add a <UNK> to keep the minimum value .

Sample 3596:
Reference: returns the index of the last line of the chunk .
Candidate: gets the last element of last s

Sample 3597:
Reference: logs a debug level message .
Candidate: logs an debug level message .

Sample 3598:
Reference: save the current matrix and view dimensions in the prevmatrix and prevview variables .
Candidate: save the current matrix and view dimensions in the prevmatrix and prevview variables .

Sample 3599:
Reference: checks if a privilege with the specified name can be found .
Candidate: indicates whether the given name can be used to find the <UNK> name .

Sample 3600:
Reference: called when a cell receives a click event .
Candidate: called when the user selects a cell .

Sample 3601:
Reference: clears the value of the prevmodifiedtime field
Candidate: clears the value of the last field field

Sample 3602:
Reference: checks if the specified plugin has registered to send outgoing messages through the requested channel .
Candidate: determines if a specific plugin is currently sent to the channel .

Sample 3603:
Reference: append an object value .
Candidate: append an object value .

Sample 3604:
Reference: returns the injector being constructed .
Candidate: gets an instance of the primary key .

Sample 3605:
Reference: transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
Candidate: transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .

Sample 3606:
Reference: accepts the given notification .
Candidate: performs all accept values .

Sample 3607:
Reference: convert a stream of monads to a monad with a stream
Candidate: construct a stream of monads to a monad with a stream

Sample 3608:
Reference: sends a list of supported progress types
Candidate: sends a loconet message to the list of conditions .

Sample 3609:
Reference: this is not used for lockagents and should never be called .
Candidate: informs the agent that the activity has ended .

Sample 3610:
Reference: saves image stream in disk cache .
Candidate: saves image stream in disk cache .

Sample 3611:
Reference: returns true if internal timer is enabled the default or false for internal timer disabled .
Candidate: gets whether the not is currently running events to the <UNK> .

Sample 3612:
Reference: push a tree changed event into the event stack .
Candidate: push a tree changed event into the event stack .

Sample 3613:
Reference: returns true if rmi iiop and corba is available .
Candidate: returns true if java . util . logging support is available .

Sample 3614:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 3615:
Reference: transform the inner into a block if it s possible
Candidate: use this function to execute the statement statements if one is empty or null

Sample 3616:
Reference: called when corresponding fragment s orientation changed
Candidate: callback when the views is changed .

Sample 3617:
Reference: returns whether this animator is currently running having been started and gone past any initial startdelay period and not yet ended .
Candidate: returns whether this animator is currently running having been started and gone past any initial startdelay period and not yet ended .

Sample 3618:
Reference: writes a bit int .
Candidate: writes a bit int .

Sample 3619:
Reference: parses a response from the network or cache and delivers it .
Candidate: parses a response from the network or cache and delivers it .

Sample 3620:
Reference: send all pending messages to the server and return the number of messages sent .
Candidate: flush any scheduled persistence context .

Sample 3621:
Reference: your mp decreased by num due to the effect of skillname .
Candidate: you received num mp by num damage as you used skillname .

Sample 3622:
Reference: update the referral tree for a deleted entry .
Candidate: deletes the referral tree for a new entry .

Sample 3623:
Reference: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 3624:
Reference: checks if we need to fetch the partner bookmarks and kicks the reading off .
Candidate: checks if we need to fetch the partner bookmarks and kicks the reading off .

Sample 3625:
Reference: this method is called every time a user got banned from a server .
Candidate: this method is called when a participant is changed from a server .

Sample 3626:
Reference: returns whether it has the value .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 3627:
Reference: internal return true if this accessor represents an element collection that contains embeddable objects .
Candidate: indicates whether this is is a to the marked as opposed to a small collection .

Sample 3628:
Reference: converts the current field values in fields to the millisecond time value time .
Candidate: computes the time fields fields and fields fields before any .

Sample 3629:
Reference: disposes of any system resources or security sensitive information the saslclient might be using .
Candidate: disposes of any system resources or security sensitive information the saslserver might be using .

Sample 3630:
Reference: operation returning result to memory stream .
Candidate: transfer result for the stream chunk .

Sample 3631:
Reference: returns the character at the specified index with the first character having index zero .
Candidate: returns char at specified position

Sample 3632:
Reference: load the data from rdbms table which associated with bean .
Candidate: load the data from the rdbms table by the and

Sample 3633:
Reference: handle lack message .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> message to be sent into the <UNK> buffer .

Sample 3634:
Reference: this method will take a multimap and wrap it directly in a synchronizedsortedsetmultimap .
Candidate: this method will take a multimap and wrap it directly in a synchronizedsortedsetmultimap .

Sample 3635:
Reference: indicates whether the toolbar should be properly centered by default
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is a valid default for .

Sample 3636:
Reference: construct new weakcollection using selected collection as backend .
Candidate: use the supplied collection using the supplied validators .

Sample 3637:
Reference: apply each rule of this regexpchunkparser to chunkstr in turn .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> chunk and if it to to a list of <UNK> .

Sample 3638:
Reference: get an iterator over all items in the specified group .
Candidate: get an iterator over all items in the specified group .

Sample 3639:
Reference: this method will read dictionary metadata file and return the dictionary meta chunks
Candidate: this method will read dictionary metadata file and return the dictionary meta file

Sample 3640:
Reference: executes the graph query .
Candidate: gets the query results of the graph .

Sample 3641:
Reference: adds the virtual volumes with the passed names to the storage view with the passed name .
Candidate: add a virtual view to the passed <UNK> view with the passed name .

Sample 3642:
Reference: remove a text listener
Candidate: remove a text listener

Sample 3643:
Reference: track the of read locks by thread iff this is a read write index view .
Candidate: reads the held thread for this thread local elements is a read index index .

Sample 3644:
Reference: performs a ridged linear regression .
Candidate: returns the weighted distance matrix .

Sample 3645:
Reference: the number of tokens in the tokenizer
Candidate: count the number of single character set in the index .

Sample 3646:
Reference: use this function when you need to return to user and know how to handle this exception only message will be logged
Candidate: use this <UNK> method to return a default syntax error and we have to a valid

Sample 3647:
Reference: mark this future as initialized .
Candidate: mark the message failed to perform the worker thread .

Sample 3648:
Reference: sets the permissions of the role .
Candidate: sets the <UNK> of the role .

Sample 3649:
Reference: the drag has ended
Candidate: the drag has ended

Sample 3650:
Reference: adds a new outgoing relation to the node .
Candidate: add a child node to the given relation that may be found in the relation container .

Sample 3651:
Reference: compose the messaging mode .
Candidate: gets the real duration in milliseconds for the <UNK> class .

Sample 3652:
Reference: returns true if this breadcrumb is currently selected .
Candidate: determines if the item is selected to the the current position .

Sample 3653:
Reference: returns whether this annotation is overlaid .
Candidate: returns whether this annotation is overlaid .

Sample 3654:
Reference: checks to see if the character after the index is a quotation character .
Candidate: checks to see if the character after the index is a quotation character .

Sample 3655:
Reference: returns an iterator over the children of this graphics node .
Candidate: returns a listiterator on the elements of this list .

Sample 3656:
Reference: increment files opened for read .
Candidate: increments the last opened state for a read only .

Sample 3657:
Reference: called when what element doesn t belong to the selected scope .
Candidate: called when a a value has been found .

Sample 3658:
Reference: initialize and return po info
Candidate: init persistent object .

Sample 3659:
Reference: append given element at length forming and returning a new list .
Candidate: append given element at length forming and returning a new list .

Sample 3660:
Reference: pour l instant on ne s interesse pas aux series
Candidate: called when we have a <UNK> to to the power system .

Sample 3661:
Reference: unregister a callback to be invoked when the fmreceiver is started .
Candidate: unregister a callback to be invoked when the fmtransmitter is started .

Sample 3662:
Reference: user has selected some item in the list .
Candidate: called the some user s the list .

Sample 3663:
Reference: create a new color scheme that can be used by elements .
Candidate: create a new color view which have a small with the specified primary colors

Sample 3664:
Reference: get allow negative posting .
Candidate: get allow negative posting .

Sample 3665:
Reference: add reference to table to statement spec .
Candidate: adds the given declaration to the database and a table of variables .

Sample 3666:
Reference: add task to list
Candidate: add a task to this execution .

Sample 3667:
Reference: slicetoarrayfordestruct retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol slicetoarrayfordestruct
Candidate: n retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n

Sample 3668:
Reference: parses a normalplaytime object and return it .
Candidate: parses a string using the play time zone .

Sample 3669:
Reference: data transfer in progress
Candidate: data transfer in progress

Sample 3670:
Reference: is tinting enabled for the system status bar ?
Candidate: is tinting enabled for the system status bar ?

Sample 3671:
Reference: adds a listener for menu events .
Candidate: adds a listener for menu events .

Sample 3672:
Reference: check that the supplicant daemon is responding to requests .
Candidate: indicates whether the client is to a remote client for accessing the token .

Sample 3673:
Reference: gets name for the task class loader .
Candidate: gets name of the task with task id for task .

Sample 3674:
Reference: allowed modifier changes .
Candidate: allowed modifier changes .

Sample 3675:
Reference: evaluates this xpath expression and returns a result .
Candidate: evaluates this xpath expression and returns a result .

Sample 3676:
Reference: returns a url to use instead of the provided one or null to indicate this url should not be used at all .
Candidate: returns a url to use instead of the provided one or null to indicate this url should not be used at all .

Sample 3677:
Reference: return whether or not verification of the remote host participating in data connections is enabled .
Candidate: return whether or not verification of the remote host participating in data connections is enabled .

Sample 3678:
Reference: full text search against the indexed documents .
Candidate: searches for all users query string

Sample 3679:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 3680:
Reference: query to see if this option requires an argument
Candidate: query to see if this option can be used .

Sample 3681:
Reference: decode url encoded strings as utf and avoid converting to space
Candidate: decode url encoded strings as utf . avoid converting to space

Sample 3682:
Reference: called by xcall to initialize this jipxcall object
Candidate: initialise subclasses during construction cloning or deserialization .

Sample 3683:
Reference: visits the maximum stack size and the maximum number of local variables of the method .
Candidate: visits the maximum stack size and the maximum number of local variables of the method .

Sample 3684:
Reference: removes all key equal minimum elements and adds them to a bag which is then is returned .
Candidate: extracts all elements in the <UNK> and returns it as the reverse ones .

Sample 3685:
Reference: could be overridden programmatically .
Candidate: returns true if the object is able to be cached for this class object

Sample 3686:
Reference: removes components from the from ui .
Candidate: removes components from from from .

Sample 3687:
Reference: returns the enum equivalent for this result code .
Candidate: returns the enum equivalent for this grammar .

Sample 3688:
Reference: returns the result of evaluating the statistic over the specified entries in the input array using corresponding entries in the supplied weights array .
Candidate: evaluate a if not have an based on the coordinates passed in .

Sample 3689:
Reference: returns whether this timing specifier is event like i . e . if it is an eventbase accesskey or a repeat timing specifier .
Candidate: returns whether this timing specifier is event like i . e . if it is an eventbase accesskey or a repeat timing specifier .

Sample 3690:
Reference: delegate the notification to the listener .
Candidate: delegate the notification to the listener .

Sample 3691:
Reference: remove the vector of bean instances from the supplied index in the list of collections .
Candidate: remove a generic instance from the provided tab and <UNK> it .

Sample 3692:
Reference: the main processing method .
Candidate: the main processing method .

Sample 3693:
Reference: find the row closest to y .
Candidate: find the row closest to y .

Sample 3694:
Reference: returns the forward inverse transform of the specified real data set .
Candidate: returns the forward inverse transform of the specified complex data array .

Sample 3695:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 3696:
Reference: callback when there are the maximum number of labels .
Candidate: called when the user has been made to the <UNK> .

Sample 3697:
Reference: copy the provided bytes interpreted as utf bytes .
Candidate: copy a byte bytes into this big endian .

Sample 3698:
Reference: maps a java field object to the database s column name .
Candidate: creates a java readable name for the given field name .

Sample 3699:
Reference: callback if performance level changed
Candidate: this the state of this clustering

Sample 3700:
Reference: returns the associated value type .
Candidate: returns the associated value type .

Sample 3701:
Reference: returns true of an offscreen buffer is needed to render this node false otherwise .
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> is currently <UNK> to be a <UNK> and all the <UNK> .

Sample 3702:
Reference: creates the configuration directory if it does not already exist .
Candidate: creates the one directory in history order

Sample 3703:
Reference: performs an evaluation of the classifier using the training data set .
Candidate: performs an evaluation of the regressor using the training data set .

Sample 3704:
Reference: returns true if content type id of the sse dom node match a contenttypeid .
Candidate: checks if the given type id is a valid type id .

Sample 3705:
Reference: map a type function over all immediate descendants of this type
Candidate: map a function function over all immediate descendants of this type

Sample 3706:
Reference: summation of squared values using the kahan summation algorithm with the kahanplussq function .
Candidate: static method for reduceall optimization of a kahan summation matrix with the kahanplussq function .

Sample 3707:
Reference: remove the adapter at a specific index from the list of adapters .
Candidate: remove the given adapter from the list of modifications .

Sample 3708:
Reference: called when this tutorial module loses focus .
Candidate: pausing file transfer implementation should be overridden in subclasses

Sample 3709:
Reference: connects socket fd to inetaddress on port with no timeout .
Candidate: connects socket fd to inetaddress on port with no timeout .

Sample 3710:
Reference: creates a hashmap k v by using clonekey k and clonevalue v
Candidate: call <UNK> in a map with key value

Sample 3711:
Reference: tear down instance variables required by this test case .
Candidate: tear down instance variables required by this test case .

Sample 3712:
Reference: checks whether or not the region s width can be stretched .
Candidate: returns whether the policy is auto detectable for the <UNK> .

Sample 3713:
Reference: checks for matching column sizes in case of existing columns .
Candidate: ensures that the table is automatically use the specified number and returns it if necessary .

Sample 3714:
Reference: deletes sub group containers in this group container .
Candidate: deletes sub group containers in this group .

Sample 3715:
Reference: adds a link to user faves .
Candidate: adds a new search by adding the to to .

Sample 3716:
Reference: will deactivate toggle skill and stop checking task
Candidate: just to find focus chunk of the player .

Sample 3717:
Reference: returns a printable representation of the certificatepolicyid .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> to this token .

Sample 3718:
Reference: removes all associations from this map .
Candidate: removes all mappings held in this map .

Sample 3719:
Reference: exports to the target pool .
Candidate: exports a target constant to the target pool .

Sample 3720:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a fresh function that is used to parameterized types of the type .

Sample 3721:
Reference: generates a new public private key pair .
Candidate: generate a new random pair .

Sample 3722:
Reference: create an anonymous pipe .
Candidate: the function to extract the blocks from the apr .

Sample 3723:
Reference: parses a page and uploads it as well as its comments attachments list items and possibly revisions to a feed .
Candidate: imports the loads of the <UNK> page in the given directory with the given directory .

Sample 3724:
Reference: returns true if the passed role is set on the organization of the operatorselectorgbean .
Candidate: tests if the object role is persisted in the user s startup .

Sample 3725:
Reference: converts a string into a locale dependent representation accordingly to a given locale .
Candidate: converts a string into a locale dependent representation accordingly to a given locale .

Sample 3726:
Reference: creates dynamic groups and initializes their attributes .
Candidate: creates dynamic groups and initializes their attributes .

Sample 3727:
Reference: returns this address s proxy selector .
Candidate: returns this address s proxy selector .

Sample 3728:
Reference: create a new shard mapping .
Candidate: create a split instance for a single chunk entity .

Sample 3729:
Reference: converts xml file to pluginscollectionconfig
Candidate: converts xml file to pluginscollectionconfig

Sample 3730:
Reference: returns versiona and versionb ordered
Candidate: sort a version string with two <UNK> versions of <UNK> and

Sample 3731:
Reference: shifts bytes in the buffers reads a byte from the wrapped stream and places it at the end of the nextbytes buffer .
Candidate: read the stream of bytes to the read stream of bytes .

Sample 3732:
Reference: modifies the given parameter .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> for the given phase .

Sample 3733:
Reference: get whether the element has parent
Candidate: returns whether this dimension is a parent for the same type .

Sample 3734:
Reference: update the target locations for nodes in the location map .
Candidate: called when the locations is added to the scene .

Sample 3735:
Reference: notifies listeners that a new entry was read .
Candidate: notifies all listeners that an error occurred .

Sample 3736:
Reference: create an instance of absxpathelement
Candidate: create an instance of wssx pkipathv element

Sample 3737:
Reference: indicates whether this cookie requires a secure connection .
Candidate: checks whether this route is secure .

Sample 3738:
Reference: recursive function for constructing a newick tree representation in the given buffer .
Candidate: return a <UNK> string representation of the tree in the <UNK> tree .

Sample 3739:
Reference: returns true if the scope or one of its parent is associated to a given casestatement denoting being part of a given switch case statement .
Candidate: does the current declaration is in the year scope or by the year .

Sample 3740:
Reference: returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .
Candidate: returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .

Sample 3741:
Reference: remove all the objects from the cache .
Candidate: clear the elements of .

Sample 3742:
Reference: returns a set of privilege names that the administrator can delegate .
Candidate: returns a set of search search names

Sample 3743:
Reference: returns whether the search field is focused .
Candidate: returns whether the search is is focused .

Sample 3744:
Reference: sort the full array using the given comparator .
Candidate: sort the specified arrays .

Sample 3745:
Reference: do not use for internal use only
Candidate: add a new tab to the preferences panel .

Sample 3746:
Reference: draws the given rectangle .
Candidate: draws the given rectangle .

Sample 3747:
Reference: converts the intvecor to a string
Candidate: creates aggregate as a single string .

Sample 3748:
Reference: dismiss all submenu popups .
Candidate: dismiss all submenu popups .

Sample 3749:
Reference: generates a public id that can be shared with friends given a user s long term id .
Candidate: generates a public id that can be shared with friends given a user s long term id .

Sample 3750:
Reference: opens the specified url in the default browser on the mac .
Candidate: opens to load the http url to the http url .

Sample 3751:
Reference: utility method for viewing the results of a command .
Candidate: method to method if the input method has the next line .

Sample 3752:
Reference: determines whether the specified string is a valid dn
Candidate: determines if the value is a valid domain string

Sample 3753:
Reference: create lookup a usertransaction in the initialcontext via the name set in setusertxlocation .
Candidate: returns an identifier that was locked by the scheduler .

Sample 3754:
Reference: returns a possibly empty collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .
Candidate: returns a possibly empty collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .

Sample 3755:
Reference: return a serversocket possibly configured for ssl .
Candidate: creates is configured possibly configured ssl for ssl .

Sample 3756:
Reference: if a value is present invoke the specified consumer with the value otherwise do nothing .
Candidate: if a value is present invoke the specified consumer with the value otherwise do nothing .

Sample 3757:
Reference: stops the log signing thread if it is running .
Candidate: stops the global logger if the log is not caused by the server .

Sample 3758:
Reference: calculated the expected size of a categoricaldistribution for the provided random variables .
Candidate: returns the possible size for the <UNK> block using the global variance .

Sample 3759:
Reference: resets the buffer content .
Candidate: resets the buffer content .

Sample 3760:
Reference: returns if the error activity will show the error details button .
Candidate: returns whether the error should be shown in a <UNK> dialog .

Sample 3761:
Reference: removes the query string from a request target basically everything after and including the ?
Candidate: removes the query string from a request target basically everything after and including the ?

Sample 3762:
Reference: called when skipping an element .
Candidate: skips the given number of elements by the given file .

Sample 3763:
Reference: execute specific command by key .
Candidate: execute command on cart to perform changes .

Sample 3764:
Reference: evaluates the supplied prediction on a single instance .
Candidate: evaluate the single transformation on a single instance .

Sample 3765:
Reference: execute shell command default return result msg
Candidate: execute shell command default return result msg

Sample 3766:
Reference: this method is invoked whenever the entry is removed from the table .
Candidate: this method is invoked whenever the entry is removed from the table .

Sample 3767:
Reference: disposes all resources the chatservice is using .
Candidate: clean up all existing listeners .

Sample 3768:
Reference: returns true if field versions is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field versions is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 3769:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 3770:
Reference: parses a progress response from the receiver .
Candidate: parses the progress response from the receiver .

Sample 3771:
Reference: get bom quantity onhand previously bom qty onhand now bomqtyonhand
Candidate: get <UNK> to disable a little endian qty and now bomqtyordered

Sample 3772:
Reference: convert dp to px
Candidate: convert dp to px

Sample 3773:
Reference: grants a new access token using the given oauth grant .
Candidate: grants a given access token using a given grant .

Sample 3774:
Reference: initializes this parameter generator with a set of algorithm specific parameter generation values .
Candidate: initializes this key generator with a set of algorithm parameters of randomness .

Sample 3775:
Reference: invalidates machine security tokens for all users of given workspace .
Candidate: remove any of the specified characters from the given table .

Sample 3776:
Reference: returns true if the class has a super class .
Candidate: returns true if the class has a super class .

Sample 3777:
Reference: move all the messages in a collection to the queue
Candidate: move all the messages in the queue to the queue and sends them to the queue

Sample 3778:
Reference: make the array map empty .
Candidate: make the array map empty .

Sample 3779:
Reference: get if windows authentication is enabled or not
Candidate: returns whether the challenge is currently configured to use .

Sample 3780:
Reference: rounds the result of a a b to a precision of two after digit numbers .
Candidate: returns the nearest negative version of the highest b mod b .

Sample 3781:
Reference: replaces all occurrences of oldstring in mainstring with newstring
Candidate: replaces all occurances of oldstring in mainstring with newstring

Sample 3782:
Reference: adds an edge to the graph .
Candidate: add an edge to the graph .

Sample 3783:
Reference: cast a double value to a double object reference type
Candidate: cast a double value to a double object reference type

Sample 3784:
Reference: empties the resource by oneself
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 3785:
Reference: returns the next character that marks the beginning of the next token .
Candidate: returns the next character that marks the beginning of the next token .

Sample 3786:
Reference: reads all ints from stdin
Candidate: reads all ints from stdin

Sample 3787:
Reference: check that move is a legal move in position pos .
Candidate: check that and move the signature of a valid block . see if it is valid .

Sample 3788:
Reference: native interface to force data to the disk
Candidate: native interface to write a memory to a file system .

Sample 3789:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns a new <UNK> indicating that the <UNK> is about to be replaced by the <UNK> .

Sample 3790:
Reference: validates the user namespace authorization update request .
Candidate: validates the user that request to create the default request .

Sample 3791:
Reference: test for equality based on node number .
Candidate: test for equality based on node number .

Sample 3792:
Reference: damage component by given value .
Candidate: it changes the given value to a double .

Sample 3793:
Reference: set the position in the buffer does not change the limit .
Candidate: the the position s position .

Sample 3794:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 3795:
Reference: parses the given xml string and fires events on the given sax handler .
Candidate: parses the given xml string and fires events on the given sax handler .

Sample 3796:
Reference: determine if two types jaxbcontext in this case will generate a classcastexception .
Candidate: factory method to throw an exception for a specific type and <UNK> .

Sample 3797:
Reference: retrieves user stack trace .
Candidate: returns the stack trace of printstacktrace .

Sample 3798:
Reference: produces a copy of this vector .
Candidate: copies the content of this vector to an array of bytes .

Sample 3799:
Reference: creates a resource ticket defined by the spec under tenant specified by tenant id .
Candidate: create a resource request operation to the specified tenant .

Sample 3800:
Reference: update file system object with the smb share .
Candidate: updates the system used to update the system file and populating it to the cache file .

Sample 3801:
Reference: gets the value of the incompliance property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 3802:
Reference: return the number of children the node has .
Candidate: return the number of children the node has .

Sample 3803:
Reference: creates a new jcheckbox and sets its text mnemonic and actionlistener
Candidate: creates a check box .

Sample 3804:
Reference: the user is attempting to close the searchview .
Candidate: the callback is closed closed the searchview .

Sample 3805:
Reference: construct and create a graph that can be used to separate specific plotters to their own graphs on the metrics website .
Candidate: construct and create a graph that can be used to separate specific plotters to their own graphs on the metrics website .

Sample 3806:
Reference: dump entire group starting at the given table s depth in json format .
Candidate: dump all the <UNK> code to a csv file . json format .

Sample 3807:
Reference: returns the string representation of the value at the specified location .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the value at the specified location .

Sample 3808:
Reference: builds a resource from a non qualified localname .
Candidate: returns a resource object representation the provided namespace name and returns it .

Sample 3809:
Reference: whether this module spec includes a version
Candidate: if scripts using module to module .

Sample 3810:
Reference: remove the captcha code for sid
Candidate: remove the session session and retrieves it for the session .

Sample 3811:
Reference: initializes persistent data .
Candidate: initializes persistent data .

Sample 3812:
Reference: returns true if this protocol has been closed
Candidate: checks whether this iterator has been closed .

Sample 3813:
Reference: retrieves whether a catalog name can be used in a table definition statement .
Candidate: retrieves whether a catalog name can be used in a table definition statement .

Sample 3814:
Reference: saves presentation state focus position
Candidate: save the current state of an context that should be be be be be restored if the result should be restored at the end .

Sample 3815:
Reference: adds a named executor to the service
Candidate: adds a statement to the given language .

Sample 3816:
Reference: resets the transformation to the identify matrix
Candidate: resets the transformation to the identify matrix

Sample 3817:
Reference: move a file from the import directory to the imported directory .
Candidate: returns the innermost method to be called to the same origin of the <UNK> .

Sample 3818:
Reference: add request to queue and returns passed in request .
Candidate: add request to the queue and sends it to the specified url .

Sample 3819:
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .

Sample 3820:
Reference: deletes the specified script .
Candidate: delete a session from the script name .

Sample 3821:
Reference: check if all values on a collection of actiontypes are equal
Candidate: check if any key of all values are equal to the window

Sample 3822:
Reference: dismiss when app goes to background default true
Candidate: show window images to show a <UNK> view

Sample 3823:
Reference: set boost to a random value each time it is called .
Candidate: initialize the client that will be used to initialize the client .

Sample 3824:
Reference: perform a http put request with parameters .
Candidate: perform a http put request with parameters .

Sample 3825:
Reference: hook to override default dpow behavior with faster implementation .
Candidate: faster better registers used by arithmetic operator of the .

Sample 3826:
Reference: returns the current lexical state .
Candidate: returns the current lexical state .

Sample 3827:
Reference: localize and format the message string from a log record .
Candidate: formats the given message as a format string .

Sample 3828:
Reference: resets the matrix back to fit center and then displays it . s
Candidate: resets the matrix back to fit center and then displays it . s

Sample 3829:
Reference: get overwrite user .
Candidate: is if this user is a central column id .

Sample 3830:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3831:
Reference: sets the maximum socket receive buffer in bytes .
Candidate: socket the receive buffer size .

Sample 3832:
Reference: returns whether this client has previously prompted the user for a passphrase error via the android system notifications .
Candidate: returns whether this client has previously prompted the user for a passphrase error via the error system notifications .

Sample 3833:
Reference: checks if specified object is instance of specified class .
Candidate: checks if specified object is instance of specified class .

Sample 3834:
Reference: emits a value if the search should be shown or hidden .
Candidate: open a search .

Sample 3835:
Reference: synchronized methods are reentrant a thread that owns the lock can enter the same lock again .
Candidate: called by <UNK> to detect if the <UNK> are reduced .

Sample 3836:
Reference: called by the restmanager framework after this resource has been deleted to allow this resource to close and clean up any resources used by this .
Candidate: called by the restmanager framework after this resource has been deleted to allow this resource and close and close any resources used by this .

Sample 3837:
Reference: when the touch happened outside of the bounds of this onscreencontrol .
Candidate: called when the user was clicked .

Sample 3838:
Reference: compare two general subtrees by comparing the subtrees of each .
Candidate: compares with same code of this <UNK> .

Sample 3839:
Reference: checks whether this editable can be saved .
Candidate: returns if the ichunkprovider supports saving .

Sample 3840:
Reference: returns a long numeric value
Candidate: returns a long numeric value

Sample 3841:
Reference: create a basic authentication http client with a fixed user and password .
Candidate: create a basic authentication http client with a fixed user and password .

Sample 3842:
Reference: creates a new bend exit action object .
Candidate: creates a new subscription object action object .

Sample 3843:
Reference: provide the graph document without adding it to the cache .
Candidate: requests the document document to a file system and that have the same data as a graph .

Sample 3844:
Reference: closes this class path .
Candidate: stub close does nothing .

Sample 3845:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3846:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3847:
Reference: returns the value of the function for the specified variable value .
Candidate: compute the value of the function for the function .

Sample 3848:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: return the <UNK> s expression .

Sample 3849:
Reference: drops the specified missile as an item .
Candidate: drops the play item to be used as part of the library .

Sample 3850:
Reference: creates a simple error dialog without exception .
Candidate: creates a simple error dialog .

Sample 3851:
Reference: builds an ast tree to cast the type of an expression .
Candidate: builds a type object to a type declaration .

Sample 3852:
Reference: this method disables this server as a windows service .
Candidate: disables the system service if it wants to load the <UNK> service .

Sample 3853:
Reference: return size of this paing query
Candidate: get the length of the list .

Sample 3854:
Reference: creates a new animatablepaintvalue for a uri reference with a currentcolor fallback .
Candidate: creates a new animatablepaintvalue for a uri key and value .

Sample 3855:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .

Sample 3856:
Reference: returns the number of elements in this list .
Candidate: returns the number of elements value mappings in this map .

Sample 3857:
Reference: send the event that the number was verified
Candidate: send the event once as a number of the method

Sample 3858:
Reference: creates the nine patch .
Candidate: creates the nine patch .

Sample 3859:
Reference: does the slot have the same item and the capacity to hold the stack ?
Candidate: does the stack have the same fluid and the capacity to hold the stack ?

Sample 3860:
Reference: transaction id in which events were executed .
Candidate: an identifier to be used for an existing response .

Sample 3861:
Reference: returns a formatter for a four digit weekyear and two digit week of weekyear .
Candidate: returns a formatter for a digit weekyear and a four digit weekyear and

Sample 3862:
Reference: saves the contents of this part to another object .
Candidate: saves the contents of this part to another object .

Sample 3863:
Reference: adds the specified row data to this filter d .
Candidate: add a new row to the data model .

Sample 3864:
Reference: checks whether a literal is a string literal of any kind
Candidate: checks whether the supplied literal is a string literal .

Sample 3865:
Reference: log the specified error .
Candidate: log the specified error .

Sample 3866:
Reference: parameter returned after photo upload .
Candidate: photo returned after photo upload .

Sample 3867:
Reference: sets the amount of time that timeouts are checked in the system .
Candidate: sets the amount of time that are checked are checked in the future .

Sample 3868:
Reference: returns whether index time tokens that match query time tokens will be marked as a match .
Candidate: returns whether index time tokens that match query time tokens will be marked as a match .

Sample 3869:
Reference: generate the set of values that are included in the list delimited by the given delimiter .
Candidate: generate the set of values that are included in the list separated by commas .

Sample 3870:
Reference: creates an augmentedioselement based on a generic webelement .
Candidate: create the <UNK> instance for desired <UNK>

Sample 3871:
Reference: optionally call this method if you want javafx initialized and the browser window opened immediately .
Candidate: initializes the instance if necessary .

Sample 3872:
Reference: evaluates whether symbol is operand .
Candidate: check if the given string has a newline .

Sample 3873:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3874:
Reference: notifies that a subtask of the main task is beginning .
Candidate: notifies that a subtask of the main task is beginning .

Sample 3875:
Reference: finds a symbol already interned by this table .
Candidate: returns the symbol as a given value .

Sample 3876:
Reference: called when player push entity .
Candidate: called when a portal is not push .

Sample 3877:
Reference: set the segments source url
Candidate: set the segments source url

Sample 3878:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 3879:
Reference: this method like the fragment s lifecycle method onresume
Candidate: this method like the fragment s lifecycle method onresume

Sample 3880:
Reference: returns whether this view is currently displaying its own title .
Candidate: returns whether this view is currently displaying its own title .

Sample 3881:
Reference: processes a search request .
Candidate: processes an internal search operation with the information and the partition .

Sample 3882:
Reference: check to see if the realm logged into is valid for getting access to the realm requested .
Candidate: helper method to be called if the user is a valid <UNK> to the given realm and

Sample 3883:
Reference: add a namecompletiontable which is more optimized than the more general namesource
Candidate: adds the <UNK> to to this indexinfo .

Sample 3884:
Reference: sets the size of the cache .
Candidate: sets the size of the cache .

Sample 3885:
Reference: called when the ntp has completely finished loading all views will be inflated and any dependent resources will have been loaded .
Candidate: called when the ntp has completely finished loading all views will be inflated and any dependent resources will have been loaded .

Sample 3886:
Reference: creates source description of a single token .
Candidate: creates source description of a single token .

Sample 3887:
Reference: this method will be used to read the byte array from file based on offset and length number of bytes need to read
Candidate: this method will be used to read a byte array from file based on offset and array of length bytes

Sample 3888:
Reference: has enjoyed eating and looks happy .
Candidate: you have the the banned or higher .

Sample 3889:
Reference: track a failure multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
Candidate: track a failure multiply the back off interval by the multiplier

Sample 3890:
Reference: warn the user of a problem .
Candidate: warn the user of a problem .

Sample 3891:
Reference: returns true if field cursorrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field cursorrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 3892:
Reference: skilltarget is no longer diseased .
Candidate: skilltarget is longer in the period .

Sample 3893:
Reference: gets the sharpness level for this capturedeviceinput .
Candidate: returns the most capturedeviceinput for this capturedeviceinput .

Sample 3894:
Reference: process a new response from the license server .
Candidate: process a new response from the license server .

Sample 3895:
Reference: is last po costing method
Candidate: is last po costing method

Sample 3896:
Reference: generate the solution to the original problem .
Candidate: ensures that the actual of of the step is expected to produce the actual time .

Sample 3897:
Reference: return true if the written array is an object array false if it is a primitive array .
Candidate: is the element an object array type ?

Sample 3898:
Reference: returns if modifier is package default .
Candidate: returns whether or not a public protected neither protected otherwise

Sample 3899:
Reference: incrementally iterate all the existing queues in the local node returning the job id s .
Candidate: incrementally iterate all the existing queues in the local node returning the job id s .

Sample 3900:
Reference: resets the rounding params on the specified rounded drawable so that no rounding occurs .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> radius of this class .

Sample 3901:
Reference: whether parsereport is requested
Candidate: indicates if the report is a <UNK> for the conference type .

Sample 3902:
Reference: converts the given surrogate pair into a bit ucs character .
Candidate: converts the given character to an endpoint which is not a low surrogate .

Sample 3903:
Reference: returns the length of this block .
Candidate: returns the number of characters in this buffer .

Sample 3904:
Reference: the start of an element .
Candidate: the start of an element .

Sample 3905:
Reference: prints the given string .
Candidate: prints the given string .

Sample 3906:
Reference: converts a system dependent path into a based path .
Candidate: converts system path to to a system dependent file system with separators

Sample 3907:
Reference: append a byte array to the buffer
Candidate: append specified byte array

Sample 3908:
Reference: shut down all existing http connections .
Candidate: stops the service client .

Sample 3909:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 3910:
Reference: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .
Candidate: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .

Sample 3911:
Reference: sets the log commit index .
Candidate: commit the leader s commit index .

Sample 3912:
Reference: the where clause for this query
Candidate: the where clause for this query

Sample 3913:
Reference: returns whether the specified type name is of primitive type
Candidate: checks whether a given type is a primitive type .

Sample 3914:
Reference: returns whether the write half of the socket connection is closed .
Candidate: returns whether the write half of the socket connection is closed .

Sample 3915:
Reference: creates a pdfformxobject with the barcode with given module width and module height .
Candidate: creates a pdfformxobject with the barcode .

Sample 3916:
Reference: transforma un objeto en otro .
Candidate: transforma performed to the .

Sample 3917:
Reference: removes a line highlight .
Candidate: removes a line highlight .

Sample 3918:
Reference: builds renderers for playback .
Candidate: builds renderers for playback .

Sample 3919:
Reference: checks that a parameter is not null .
Candidate: check if the parameter doesn t contain any null <UNK>

Sample 3920:
Reference: convert an inet address to host byte order long .
Candidate: converts this channel form of a message to an int range .

Sample 3921:
Reference: used internally to reload the script back when coming back from the persisted state therefore we don t want to record this .
Candidate: parses the script source parses the provided class pattern to be run

Sample 3922:
Reference: called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state .
Candidate: called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state .

Sample 3923:
Reference: returns true if x and y are in bounds
Candidate: returns true if x y is inside the bounds of the maze .

Sample 3924:
Reference: check if the domain is connected to a replicationserver .
Candidate: tests if this register is connected to the database .

Sample 3925:
Reference: returns the string value of the given boolean .
Candidate: converts the specified boolean to its boolean representation .

Sample 3926:
Reference: invoked after the description string of the database changed .
Candidate: invoked after the description of a short changed .

Sample 3927:
Reference: enable disable the display of the status active call .
Candidate: enable the <UNK> to show the status of the <UNK> .

Sample 3928:
Reference: this clears the virtualnodestable which maintains a list of virtual nodes .
Candidate: reset the current row to it s the internal state .

Sample 3929:
Reference: returns whether it has the id type .
Candidate: returns whether it has the im type .

Sample 3930:
Reference: called when constructing the index against pre existing data
Candidate: inserts a new cell cell into this vector .

Sample 3931:
Reference: creates a dn from the specified dn string .
Candidate: translates the dn dn to a dn using the default name .

Sample 3932:
Reference: convert the specified charsequence to an input stream encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
Candidate: convert the specified charsequence to an input stream encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .

Sample 3933:
Reference: process the ack request .
Candidate: process the ack request .

Sample 3934:
Reference: convert a persistentauditevent to an auditevent
Candidate: convert a persistentauditevent to an auditevent

Sample 3935:
Reference: this is the method that actually does the work of the phase .
Candidate: do the work represented by this element in the optimization plan .

Sample 3936:
Reference: verify that all the properties have been read .
Candidate: verifies that properties are not in the system properties are not valid .

Sample 3937:
Reference: removes all pending callback from the message queue .
Candidate: removes all pending callback from the message queue .

Sample 3938:
Reference: adds a task to the queue to refresh the dns information for the specified domain .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to to the domain name and update the old service .

Sample 3939:
Reference: closes the currently opened dialog and set the return code to the given value .
Candidate: sends the entity and destination to the data server .

Sample 3940:
Reference: notifies an upstream validation manager if there is any .
Candidate: notify the given key for the given key and change .

Sample 3941:
Reference: returns this floatvalue as a float .
Candidate: get the value s value .

Sample 3942:
Reference: given closeness to epsilon is x ge y ?
Candidate: tests if this is is greater or is constant .

Sample 3943:
Reference: check if a reference to an entity exists .
Candidate: does this type a an instance of the specified class .

Sample 3944:
Reference: callback that is invoked when kernal is ready .
Candidate: notifies that all grid are started successfully in the local cache .

Sample 3945:
Reference: returns a map of transport collection of transported units .
Candidate: returns the collection of units of the units units of the given units .

Sample 3946:
Reference: reset document locator supplying systemid and publicid .
Candidate: reset document locator supplying systemid and publicid .

Sample 3947:
Reference: returns true if the document is a duc named document .
Candidate: returns true if the document is a <UNK> named document .

Sample 3948:
Reference: number of http connections for each service
Candidate: read the maximum connection for the specified client

Sample 3949:
Reference: build short out of bytes in little endian order .
Candidate: build short short of short array of level .

Sample 3950:
Reference: remove checkpoint from list .
Candidate: remove the specified checkpoint using the last loaded name and removing it from the map .

Sample 3951:
Reference: loads a . jet file from an asset file descriptor .
Candidate: load the sound file from a java file .

Sample 3952:
Reference: parses and fetches if needed recipe of environment and sums ram size of all machines in environment in megabytes .
Candidate: parses and fetches if needed recipe and sums ram size of all machines in environment in megabytes .

Sample 3953:
Reference: enables all attribute type dependencies
Candidate: enables all attribute and dependencies

Sample 3954:
Reference: commit in a thread .
Candidate: commit an phase asynchronously performing an <UNK> of the specified cluster .

Sample 3955:
Reference: freeze the indicated field so that it remains in place and visible when horizontal scrolling occurs .
Candidate: freeze the indicated field so that it remains in place and horizontal when horizontal scrolling occurs .

Sample 3956:
Reference: format a string for representation in a source file .
Candidate: formats the given string to a string string .

Sample 3957:
Reference: redirects the default java serialization via externalizable to our default hadoop writable serialization for efficient broadcast rdd serialization .
Candidate: redirects the default java serialization to externalizable to our default hadoop writable serialization for efficient serialization .

Sample 3958:
Reference: writes a boolean element using the universal boolean asn . type tag .
Candidate: writes a boolean element using the universal encoding asn . type tag .

Sample 3959:
Reference: check run on publish
Candidate: checks if the is is <UNK> to be executed as a <UNK> .

Sample 3960:
Reference: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid .
Candidate: returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid .

Sample 3961:
Reference: return index of named parameter in compiled sqlite statement .
Candidate: return index of named parameter in compiled sqlite statement .

Sample 3962:
Reference: delete all output sensors from this route .
Candidate: clears the output s state for the current log .

Sample 3963:
Reference: adds email addresses that the email should be sent to .
Candidate: adds a bcc email to to the email list .

Sample 3964:
Reference: check if this is a remote connection with ssl enabled .
Candidate: indicates if the authentication of the ssl connection is a ssl c .

Sample 3965:
Reference: releases memory at the given address .
Candidate: releases average resources allocated and release it .

Sample 3966:
Reference: wakes an idle thread from the spin loop .
Candidate: called when we are no longer needed to be the same .

Sample 3967:
Reference: count the number of roadblocked gates .
Candidate: calculates the total pruning function or if the number of steps for the the gate name

Sample 3968:
Reference: renaming psielement using manipulator
Candidate: renames a single element to match the given element .

Sample 3969:
Reference: indictes whether the layer contains renderables .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this dimension has the the layout .

Sample 3970:
Reference: imports the operands table .
Candidate: imports the first of a raw module into a converted object .

Sample 3971:
Reference: create an instance of layoutelement
Candidate: create an instance of wss element

Sample 3972:
Reference: validate the array for return
Candidate: validate the array for return

Sample 3973:
Reference: prepare for an atomic store operation .
Candidate: prepare for an atomic store operation .

Sample 3974:
Reference: sets the isdn sub address .
Candidate: set the <UNK> to be used instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 3975:
Reference: all columns from this family will be included as result of hbase lookup .
Candidate: only the column column to be the first column family .

Sample 3976:
Reference: this function is called by the iterator for each item of a collection .
Candidate: called by this iteration .

Sample 3977:
Reference: deletes a file on the ftp server .
Candidate: deletes a file or directory in the empty directory

Sample 3978:
Reference: if there is a status attribute configured then verifies if the identity is active and returns true .
Candidate: determine whether the identity manager and if this returns true .

Sample 3979:
Reference: is operating system one of the various unix flavors ?
Candidate: is if system os is a unix system ?

Sample 3980:
Reference: construct a name for this component .
Candidate: construct a name for this component .

Sample 3981:
Reference: returns true if the receiver contains the specified element .
Candidate: returns true if the receiver contains the specified element .

Sample 3982:
Reference: create a data object .
Candidate: creates a data object from the page . data .

Sample 3983:
Reference: this textview comes by default with a magnifier search icon .
Candidate: replaces the <UNK> icon for the given category id

Sample 3984:
Reference: delete a validation rule with the given identifiers from the database .
Candidate: deletes a validationrulegroup from the database .

Sample 3985:
Reference: sends a mail with the specified subject and body to the given recipients .
Candidate: sends a mail with the specified subject and body to the given recipients .

Sample 3986:
Reference: returns whether or not the user is signed in .
Candidate: returns whether or not the user is signed in .

Sample 3987:
Reference: invoked when a transfer ends .
Candidate: invoked when a transfer ends .

Sample 3988:
Reference: convenience method to constructs a new trigger message list based on the given parameters .
Candidate: creates a trigger message for an existing key

Sample 3989:
Reference: invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed .
Candidate: invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed .

Sample 3990:
Reference: gets the value of the wednesday property .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is to be <UNK> or not .

Sample 3991:
Reference: retrieves the object upon which the close method synchronizes .
Candidate: retrieves the object upon which the close method synchronizes .

Sample 3992:
Reference: grabs the composition area for use by this context .
Candidate: metodo que <UNK> the <UNK> window to see if the user wants to skip for <UNK> .

Sample 3993:
Reference: starts the server in a blocking mode and set up a socket listener .
Candidate: called when the server is started by the server side of the server .

Sample 3994:
Reference: method to generate the . ass file
Candidate: method to generate the . ass file

Sample 3995:
Reference: sends the event for the sound triggers only usable server side !
Candidate: this method is a sound for a broadcast event

Sample 3996:
Reference: starts the acceptor and register the given addresses
Candidate: acceptor the acceptor and register the given addresses

Sample 3997:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 3998:
Reference: adds a message waiting .
Candidate: adds a message waiting .

Sample 3999:
Reference: removes an entry in the serviceidmap but sends no notification .
Candidate: clear the service id associated with a message

Sample 4000:
Reference: get information about whether or not an element should strip whitespace .
Candidate: get information about whether or not an element should strip whitespace .

Sample 4001:
Reference: returns an iterator over the entries in the space which match the specified template .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the entries in the space which match the specified template .

Sample 4002:
Reference: get save in historic .
Candidate: get save in historic .

Sample 4003:
Reference: invokes a function given a list of already evaluated arguments .
Candidate: identifies the final args .

Sample 4004:
Reference: method of comparison .
Candidate: compares the edge and returns true if the epoch to another fact .

Sample 4005:
Reference: find index of search character in str .
Candidate: find index index of an iterable sequence of items that matches the given string and returns the first index of the given character

Sample 4006:
Reference: true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
Candidate: true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .

Sample 4007:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 4008:
Reference: the graphical representation of the legend shape .
Candidate: the graphical representation of the legend shape .

Sample 4009:
Reference: a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as described by camera . parameters .
Candidate: a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as described by camera . parameters .

Sample 4010:
Reference: are we saving state server side ?
Candidate: checks if the server is always read from a <UNK> mode .

Sample 4011:
Reference: flushes an buffered output
Candidate: flush any buffered output .

Sample 4012:
Reference: reset the fields in this class but not the parent to their default values .
Candidate: clear the session marking all values related to this hash function if the .

Sample 4013:
Reference: reads the general topics from help . yml and adds them to the help index .
Candidate: reads the general topics from help . <UNK> and adds them to the help index .

Sample 4014:
Reference: checks if the external storage is available
Candidate: helper to returns if external storage is available .

Sample 4015:
Reference: permanently remove any state associated with the given table .
Candidate: remove any persisted table status with the given table .

Sample 4016:
Reference: obtains the key as a localized string .
Candidate: obtains the key as a localized string .

Sample 4017:
Reference: creates an empty file in this temporary folder using the given prefix and suffix to generate its name .
Candidate: creates a file with the specified name and release suffix .

Sample 4018:
Reference: reset pre commit state to support reset abort rollback .
Candidate: resets this <UNK> byte to for reuse .

Sample 4019:
Reference: finishes the initialization by setting size location .
Candidate: finishes the initialization by setting size location .

Sample 4020:
Reference: returns the number of foos where uuid .
Candidate: returns the number of foos where uuid .

Sample 4021:
Reference: functional method that will throw exceptions .
Candidate: functional method that will throw exceptions .

Sample 4022:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 4023:
Reference: prints the header classifications and footer to the buffer .
Candidate: prints the header classifications and footer to the buffer .

Sample 4024:
Reference: returns an array of all values defined in this class .
Candidate: returns an array of all values defined in this class .

Sample 4025:
Reference: generates html output for a contentelement .
Candidate: note paragraph for html document for html syntax .

Sample 4026:
Reference: sets all indicators to the correct resource and visibility based on the current settings .
Candidate: sync the the origin of the panels that will be enforced and hide the the

Sample 4027:
Reference: sets the unlimited number of operation retry attempts .
Candidate: sets the baseline detection operation for the client servers .

Sample 4028:
Reference: visits a try catch block .
Candidate: visits a try catch block .

Sample 4029:
Reference: deserializes an object from its byte array representation .
Candidate: deserializes a byte array object to a stream .

Sample 4030:
Reference: check whether the component is leaf
Candidate: determines whether this receiver is a leaf .

Sample 4031:
Reference: validate cache configuration for igfs .
Candidate: validate the cache configuration for a given configuration .

Sample 4032:
Reference: is not a member of your legion .
Candidate: you have not learned the legion member .

Sample 4033:
Reference: remove a child edge from the tree .
Candidate: remove a child edge from the tree .

Sample 4034:
Reference: format the arguments of a given diagnostic .
Candidate: format the arguments of a given diagnostic .

Sample 4035:
Reference: invoke prior to binding a tcp socket .
Candidate: invoke prior to binding a tcp socket .

Sample 4036:
Reference: configure whether evaluation will be lazy or not .
Candidate: configure the initial state .

Sample 4037:
Reference: creates the network for the breass scenario .
Candidate: creates a network connection to load the <UNK> .

Sample 4038:
Reference: gets whether this node is long clickable .
Candidate: gets if the source is is be added to the power type .

Sample 4039:
Reference: read the object from a serialization stream .
Candidate: read the object from a serialization stream .

Sample 4040:
Reference: writes a byte .
Candidate: write an data to the output stream .

Sample 4041:
Reference: a repository root has been removed .
Candidate: if the is called when the input has been removed .

Sample 4042:
Reference: check if this result set should be closed for example because it is buffered using a temporary file .
Candidate: check if this result set should be closed for example because it is buffered using a temporary file .

Sample 4043:
Reference: clear the screen to the default color white .
Candidate: clear the screen to the default color white .

Sample 4044:
Reference: collects the panels of all the graphs that were modified since the last save operation .
Candidate: collects all graph with a given list .

Sample 4045:
Reference: logs the given message instance using the warn level
Candidate: logs the given message message the the warn level .

Sample 4046:
Reference: creates the action with an inner action that has the amplitude property and a duration time
Candidate: creates the action with the specified action and returns the action .

Sample 4047:
Reference: request new memory with the given capacity .
Candidate: expert the capacity and memory and copies the memory packets .

Sample 4048:
Reference: begins displaying page .
Candidate: begins displaying page .

Sample 4049:
Reference: reorders the child views to be consistent with their data id .
Candidate: reorders the child views to be consistent with their index id .

Sample 4050:
Reference: equivalent to assert cond value
Candidate: equivalent to assert cond value

Sample 4051:
Reference: create data when cache data is no existent
Candidate: create data when cache data is no existent

Sample 4052:
Reference: starts the command line utility for launching the diagnostic tool .
Candidate: starts the command line utility for launching the diagnostic tool .

Sample 4053:
Reference: save the dictionary as it is .
Candidate: saves the raw entity .

Sample 4054:
Reference: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the expanded type id .
Candidate: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the expanded type id .

Sample 4055:
Reference: removes a set of stored objects subordinate to subtree dn .
Candidate: removes subtree subtree from the cache by the elements are reachable from the supplied map and remove them from the <UNK> .

Sample 4056:
Reference: checks if character at current runtime position is whitespace .
Candidate: determines whether the string contains whitespace .

Sample 4057:
Reference: handles all insns that want a register range for their sources .
Candidate: called when all <UNK> is about to have a range which is not recognized .

Sample 4058:
Reference: utility method to mark lambdas of type longconsumerwiththrowable
Candidate: utility method to register lambdas of type runnablewiththrowable

Sample 4059:
Reference: check if the name of a jar is one of the plugins currently installed used for extracting the correct files out of a zip .
Candidate: check to see if the provided file name is not present in the correct directory .

Sample 4060:
Reference: removes any data that may have been stored in this backend .
Candidate: clears all memory use in a texture backend or any the changes .

Sample 4061:
Reference: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .
Candidate: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .

Sample 4062:
Reference: invoked when the data source is stopped due to an error .
Candidate: invoked when the data source is stopped due to an error .

Sample 4063:
Reference: is a view available .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is not be emitted instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 4064:
Reference: uploads a local directory of files into s .
Candidate: uploads a local directory of files into s .

Sample 4065:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 4066:
Reference: the workgroup service may be configured to send email .
Candidate: returns true if the category informations is available for the service and

Sample 4067:
Reference: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .
Candidate: implements the abstract method simulatemethod .

Sample 4068:
Reference: validates the specified transaction against this rule .
Candidate: validates the transaction and throw an exception if it is not met .

Sample 4069:
Reference: merge words to form a simpler sentence structure .
Candidate: merge the <UNK> block and returns the number of lines .

Sample 4070:
Reference: verify if the timeout has been reached .
Candidate: time the runnable to be executed when the <UNK> is being executed .

Sample 4071:
Reference: return the tests included in this test suite .
Candidate: return the tests included in this test suite .

Sample 4072:
Reference: get summary level .
Candidate: get summary level .

Sample 4073:
Reference: returns the decorator color for a control object .
Candidate: wrap the left in color for a crs to the movie

Sample 4074:
Reference: get the elapsed time in seconds .
Candidate: returns unix time elapsed time to a time .

Sample 4075:
Reference: override the hashcode method in the object class
Candidate: override the hashcode method in the object .

Sample 4076:
Reference: adapts the result to the bound element .
Candidate: bind the listener object to be converted to the bound element .

Sample 4077:
Reference: writes an integer in wsp format to the given output stream .
Candidate: write a integer value in the given output stream .

Sample 4078:
Reference: execute a query created with createquery .
Candidate: execute a query created with createquery .

Sample 4079:
Reference: imports the transaction propagation obtained from an incoming request .
Candidate: imports a transaction transaction based on an archive context .

Sample 4080:
Reference: expand the given node
Candidate: expand the given node

Sample 4081:
Reference: method is called from update cycle perform all tasks in gl thread
Candidate: update pending words in the source

Sample 4082:
Reference: calling this result in only the audio track being played .
Candidate: calling this result in only the audio track being played .

Sample 4083:
Reference: sets the interval that a circuit breaker can see the latest accumulated count of events .
Candidate: sets the interval of time circuit breaker for the specified time .

Sample 4084:
Reference: prints child process standart output into the desired printstream .
Candidate: prints an output stream to the output stream .

Sample 4085:
Reference: report whether data connectivity is possible .
Candidate: report whether data connectivity is possible .

Sample 4086:
Reference: return the full response header and body .
Candidate: return the full response header and return it as a body .

Sample 4087:
Reference: p converts a calendar value into a string .
Candidate: p p the value into a string .

Sample 4088:
Reference: blocks until there is an utterance in the queue .
Candidate: gets the contents of the provided object and return it .

Sample 4089:
Reference: indicate if it is multiple
Candidate: tests if this instance definition .

Sample 4090:
Reference: remembers the given offset as the deletion offset .
Candidate: remembers the given offset as the deletion offset .

Sample 4091:
Reference: get the length of the list .
Candidate: get the length of the list .

Sample 4092:
Reference: method called when user clicks previous button of the wizard .
Candidate: called when the user has clicked the previous button of the wizard .

Sample 4093:
Reference: convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
Candidate: convenience method to park and then check if interrupted

Sample 4094:
Reference: the keys of the map should be iterable
Candidate: iterator over the <UNK>

Sample 4095:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4096:
Reference: make a dbid pair from two existing dbids .
Candidate: constructs a new dbid pair .

Sample 4097:
Reference: utility method to run the pre compiled query and return the value in the first column of the first row .
Candidate: utility method to run the pre compiled query and return the value in the first column of the first row .

Sample 4098:
Reference: wraps a completionstage as a task or just casts it if it is already a task .
Candidate: used to do a task when the thread fails .

Sample 4099:
Reference: returns the index of the given value in the entry values array .
Candidate: returns the index of the given value in the entry values array .

Sample 4100:
Reference: updates the node s contents to reflect the current state of the node .
Candidate: updates the node s contents to reflect the current state of the node .

Sample 4101:
Reference: generate the mac based on hmac algorithm
Candidate: generate the mac based on hmac algorithm

Sample 4102:
Reference: returns a string created from the proxy class name the registrar s service id and the result of the underlying proxy s tostring method .
Candidate: returns a string created from the proxy class name from the registrar s service and method the result of the method .

Sample 4103:
Reference: insert data to datas header example weibo refresh same newly data
Candidate: insert data to datas header example weibo refresh same data data

Sample 4104:
Reference: remove all page from pool using this classloader
Candidate: clear all of the page and pages rendered

Sample 4105:
Reference: determine whether this control or any of it s child has focus
Candidate: verifies if the the should pass focus for the view to the focus .

Sample 4106:
Reference: writes the given double to the specified index of this buffer .
Candidate: writes the given double to the specified index of this buffer .

Sample 4107:
Reference: get a templateshandler object that can process sax contenthandler events into a templates object .
Candidate: get a templateshandler object that can process sax contenthandler events into a templates object .

Sample 4108:
Reference: turns the capabilities object into source code .
Candidate: prints the source indented to depth .

Sample 4109:
Reference: the method that performs the chunking of a string .
Candidate: the method that performs the chunking of a string .

Sample 4110:
Reference: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .
Candidate: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .

Sample 4111:
Reference: draws the widget on the page .
Candidate: draw the drawitem in the gui .

Sample 4112:
Reference: checks whether the scheme says it can handle instance weights .
Candidate: checks whether the scheme says it can handle instance weights .

Sample 4113:
Reference: returns an indication of whether the values contained in the indexed column are signed .
Candidate: returns an indication of whether the values contained in the indexed column are signed .

Sample 4114:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4115:
Reference: enable location update notifications .
Candidate: enable location update notifications .

Sample 4116:
Reference: returns true if sync is active .
Candidate: is true if automatic use for use in the <UNK> of

Sample 4117:
Reference: returns true to indicate this system can support variable lights
Candidate: returns true if this method can be used in a variable .

Sample 4118:
Reference: adds a long to the list of parameters .
Candidate: adds a long to the list of parameters .

Sample 4119:
Reference: render the query object to a string in the language supported by this renderer
Candidate: render the query of query query string

Sample 4120:
Reference: copies the value from the base to the override resource as a starting point
Candidate: process the resource operation the the same name .

Sample 4121:
Reference: is the joint limit enabled ?
Candidate: is the joint limit enabled ?

Sample 4122:
Reference: calendarid parameter is used to sync repayments with group meetings especially when using jlg loans
Candidate: sets the new calendar id for use in the jvm .

Sample 4123:
Reference: writes an empty line .
Candidate: marks the output line as a text to the <UNK> room .

Sample 4124:
Reference: receive notification of the end of json processing .
Candidate: receive notification of the end of json processing .

Sample 4125:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4126:
Reference: this method scales current image .
Candidate: this method scales current image .

Sample 4127:
Reference: clear all authentication tokens .
Candidate: clear all authentication tokens .

Sample 4128:
Reference: returns the current lexical state .
Candidate: returns the current lexical state .

Sample 4129:
Reference: count a knn query invocation .
Candidate: count a knn query invocation .

Sample 4130:
Reference: this adds a stylesheet to the xml document .
Candidate: this adds an additional text to the specified document and adds it to the document .

Sample 4131:
Reference: checks request url against this filter rule .
Candidate: checks whether the specified url should match the <UNK> and

Sample 4132:
Reference: a wrapper function for easy logging using log j
Candidate: returns the configured logger .

Sample 4133:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4134:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 4135:
Reference: method that will be called when task is finished
Candidate: this method is called to be called after all filesystem finished .

Sample 4136:
Reference: passes the call on to the underlying html or xml handler
Candidate: passes the call on to the underlying html or xml handler

Sample 4137:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4138:
Reference: convenience method for converting a utm coordinate to a geographic location .
Candidate: computes a longitude from a coordinate location for a wgs globe .

Sample 4139:
Reference: computes a result or throws an exception if unable to do so .
Candidate: computes a result or throws an exception if unable to do so .

Sample 4140:
Reference: indicates whether the intersection is tangent to the object intersected .
Candidate: indicates whether the intersection is tangent to the object intersected .

Sample 4141:
Reference: returns the number of events in the group .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 4142:
Reference: removes a reference from the queue blocking until a reference is enqueued .
Candidate: returns the next available reference from the queue removing it in the process .

Sample 4143:
Reference: gets the size of an opuscustomencoder structure . br
Candidate: gets the size of an opuscustomencoder structure . br

Sample 4144:
Reference: draw the entities on the map .
Candidate: draw the <UNK> layer to the the layer .

Sample 4145:
Reference: clear values in transitional state as we don t need them post the animation and they can be cleared by the gc if required
Candidate: clear values in transitional state as we don t need them post the animation and they can be cleared by the gc if required

Sample 4146:
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .

Sample 4147:
Reference: clear the contents of the table .
Candidate: discards all entries from the queue .

Sample 4148:
Reference: returns the length of the array .
Candidate: returns the length of the array .

Sample 4149:
Reference: convert a ipv netmask integer to a prefix length
Candidate: convert a ipv netmask integer to a prefix length

Sample 4150:
Reference: returns true if and only if the message contains no x byte in the first bytes of the decrypted text
Candidate: check to see if a parameter type .

Sample 4151:
Reference: your should use this to add animatorupdatelistener when create animator otherwise animator doesn t work when the animation restart .
Candidate: add an listener to the set of callbacks which will be passed to this frame .

Sample 4152:
Reference: indicates the number of bytes of primitive data that can be read without blocking .
Candidate: indicates the number of bytes of primitive data that can be read without blocking .

Sample 4153:
Reference: checks if this proxy is using the primary host in the underlying connection .
Candidate: checks if this <UNK> is a primary primary address . the underlying connection .

Sample 4154:
Reference: this method performs the appropriate tasks while in the started state .
Candidate: performs the tasks of the document to come before the process of <UNK> .

Sample 4155:
Reference: creates a new searchview .
Candidate: creates a new search view that will be executed by a new search query .

Sample 4156:
Reference: prints all the heavyweight subcomponents .
Candidate: prints all the heavyweight subcomponents .

Sample 4157:
Reference: prints the character buffer to the stream .
Candidate: prints the character buffer to a stream .

Sample 4158:
Reference: sets any initial data with which to populate the conversation context sessiondata map .
Candidate: sets any initial data which which to populate the conversation context <UNK> map .

Sample 4159:
Reference: hook to add new plugins .
Candidate: registers the provided plugin info to the <UNK> widget .

Sample 4160:
Reference: return the child that represents this quadrant of the given node .
Candidate: return the child that represents this quadrant of the given child .

Sample 4161:
Reference: switches all list colors to their complementary color .
Candidate: sets the color order of this list ordered .

Sample 4162:
Reference: prints log line prefixed with the sync id .
Candidate: prints a custom sync log with the specified id .

Sample 4163:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 4164:
Reference: frees any resources this parser may be holding .
Candidate: frees any resources this parser may be holding .

Sample 4165:
Reference: determines if any step has been completed
Candidate: indicates whether any step steps is the <UNK> or not .

Sample 4166:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4167:
Reference: updates the lookup tables used for calculating match distance and length prices .
Candidate: this method is called by the database .

Sample 4168:
Reference: adapt a sax start element event .
Candidate: adapt a sax start element event .

Sample 4169:
Reference: returns a copy of the current contents of the cache ordered from least recently accessed to most recently accessed .
Candidate: returns a copy of the current contents of the cache ordered from least recently accessed to most recently accessed .

Sample 4170:
Reference: checks if app banners are enabled .
Candidate: checks if app banners are enabled .

Sample 4171:
Reference: creates a property change listener that will be added to the jtoolbar .
Candidate: creates a property change listener that will be added to the jtoolbar .

Sample 4172:
Reference: pads a string to a specified length inserting spaces on the right as required .
Candidate: pads a string to a specified length inserting spaces on the right as required .

Sample 4173:
Reference: format name from address .
Candidate: format name from address .

Sample 4174:
Reference: place a quadtree in the cache update the timestamp
Candidate: updates the join key value for the <UNK> .

Sample 4175:
Reference: adding a message as associated to this message
Candidate: add a message to the list of <UNK> to be sent to the default message .

Sample 4176:
Reference: applies a function to two arguments .
Candidate: performs a generic function to the given matrix .

Sample 4177:
Reference: this should show all of the observers watching the specified game .
Candidate: notifies all of of the game addresses .

Sample 4178:
Reference: show the dialog calls alertdialog show .
Candidate: show the dialog s show dialog and show the title .

Sample 4179:
Reference: returns the distance from this point to the given point .
Candidate: returns the distance from this point to the given point .

Sample 4180:
Reference: actualiza en la base de datos la informacion de un grupo de usuairos
Candidate: actualiza en la base de datos la informacion de un grupo de la informacion de un grupo

Sample 4181:
Reference: recupera de la base de datos el identificador del usuario .
Candidate: load the id with a <UNK> statement in the <UNK> .

Sample 4182:
Reference: returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been committed .
Candidate: returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been committed .

Sample 4183:
Reference: allows the monitor mbean to perform any operations needed after having been registered in the mbean server or after the registration has failed .
Candidate: allows the m mbean to perform any operations needed after having been registered in the mbean server or after the registration has failed .

Sample 4184:
Reference: simple check for whether the binding contains a particular variable or not .
Candidate: checks whether the given variable is a variable variable

Sample 4185:
Reference: inserta una nueva sala y sus mesas
Candidate: actualiza la sala especificada por su id

Sample 4186:
Reference: called when a preference has been clicked .
Candidate: called when a preference has been clicked .

Sample 4187:
Reference: called when connection is established
Candidate: called when the bean is connected .

Sample 4188:
Reference: checks if given timestamp is a valid time
Candidate: when time is given for given time

Sample 4189:
Reference: creates a new matrix by multiplying this matrix by a scalar .
Candidate: performs every multiplication by multiplying all times by a scalar .

Sample 4190:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4191:
Reference: specify a state machine model factory .
Candidate: gets a configurer for decoding model .

Sample 4192:
Reference: adds a new value to the series
Candidate: adds a new value to the series

Sample 4193:
Reference: subclasses may override this to implement better value tests .
Candidate: returns the element element for the given element .

Sample 4194:
Reference: open the slidingmenu and show the menu view .
Candidate: open the slidingmenu and show the menu view .

Sample 4195:
Reference: invokes a closure passing it a new sql instance created from the given jdbc connection url .
Candidate: invokes a closure passing it from a a new sql instance of the given map of url and

Sample 4196:
Reference: method randomnumberinrange return one int in range
Candidate: generates a random number in the range min max

Sample 4197:
Reference: executes all the cqs on a given region .
Candidate: executes all the cqs that the the region is the specified region name .

Sample 4198:
Reference: adds a list of tags or keywords that describe the journal entry .
Candidate: adds a list of tags or keywords that describe the event .

Sample 4199:
Reference: check to see if the distributed system is closing
Candidate: check to see if the distributed system is closing

Sample 4200:
Reference: returns the number of rules
Candidate: returns the number of rules of the same program .

Sample 4201:
Reference: calculates the number of bytes a unicode character would have in utf representation in a class file .
Candidate: this method returns the number of bytes would would have a utf character in in utf representation .

Sample 4202:
Reference: remove the specified groups from the set of groups to discover and return true if any were actually removed .
Candidate: removes the groups of a group to this discovered .

Sample 4203:
Reference: encode the address as a string and return it .
Candidate: construct a url in the parsed structure .

Sample 4204:
Reference: hashcode must be implemented if this cell is to be used in a hashtable .
Candidate: return a hash value for this column .

Sample 4205:
Reference: method called to run the asynchronous code .
Candidate: method called to run the asynchronous code .

Sample 4206:
Reference: descriptions of the aggregate values .
Candidate: returns a short of the filter

Sample 4207:
Reference: setter status of pause motion animator
Candidate: pause the relaxer thread wait .

Sample 4208:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4209:
Reference: create the gui and show it .
Candidate: create the gui and show it .

Sample 4210:
Reference: reads and returns the remainder of the input as a string .
Candidate: read and returns the remainder of the input as a string .

Sample 4211:
Reference: cause the window to regenerate the frame including pick resolution .
Candidate: creates the style representation of the tree .

Sample 4212:
Reference: from the displaychangedlistener interface called from x graphicsdevice when the display mode has been changed .
Candidate: called when the display mode changed .

Sample 4213:
Reference: gets the value of the wantauthnrequestssigned property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 4214:
Reference: writes a character given its bits unicode .
Candidate: writes a character in the log file .

Sample 4215:
Reference: clears the value of the anchor field
Candidate: clears the value of the previously field value

Sample 4216:
Reference: compares to issue by their key ordering .
Candidate: compares to issue by their key ordering .

Sample 4217:
Reference: prints a message at warn priority .
Candidate: prints a message at warn priority .

Sample 4218:
Reference: specifies root directory for picker user can t go upper that specified path
Candidate: specifies that specifies the root path to be included in the horizontal path .

Sample 4219:
Reference: returns true if any media is playing
Candidate: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .

Sample 4220:
Reference: reads a password or passphrase from the console with echoing disabled
Candidate: reads a password or passphrase from the console with echoing disabled

Sample 4221:
Reference: returns if this status is empty i . e .
Candidate: returns whether this notification is no longer active .

Sample 4222:
Reference: execute the given parameters .
Candidate: executes the action with the parameters defined single parameter .

Sample 4223:
Reference: the new position corresponding to old position oldpos after the sequence vec of insertions .
Candidate: the new position corresponding to old position oldpos after the sequence vec of insertions .

Sample 4224:
Reference: blocks until all tasks have completed execution after a shutdown request or the timeout occurs or the current thread is interrupted whichever happens first .
Candidate: blocks until all tasks have completed execution after a shutdown request or the timeout occurs or the current thread is interrupted whichever happens first .

Sample 4225:
Reference: returns the maximum compaction index for major compaction .
Candidate: re major major major for major compaction .

Sample 4226:
Reference: remove a field from the document
Candidate: remove a field from the document

Sample 4227:
Reference: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .
Candidate: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .

Sample 4228:
Reference: adds a host limit to the query
Candidate: adds a host limit to the query

Sample 4229:
Reference: check validity by invoking validators on specified components which support them and show validation result notification .
Candidate: check if the of all fields are still be tracked before any .

Sample 4230:
Reference: assembles ignite client handshake packet .
Candidate: returns the buffer s id sent to a byte array .

Sample 4231:
Reference: makes a move with out any legality checking .
Candidate: call the move loop when the user leaves the move .

Sample 4232:
Reference: return true if the given state is empty .
Candidate: determine if the state is no longer needed to test for the key .

Sample 4233:
Reference: encodes a loggingevent into a byte array .
Candidate: the the event that is used to render the event event .

Sample 4234:
Reference: formats a status line .
Candidate: formats a status line .

Sample 4235:
Reference: processes a url view intent .
Candidate: processes a url view intent .

Sample 4236:
Reference: creates the content values to update a category in the database .
Candidate: creates a copy of extended values in a given category .

Sample 4237:
Reference: returns whether the overlay is hidden
Candidate: gets the value of the hidden property .

Sample 4238:
Reference: returns a hash code for comparing different gptrees .
Candidate: returns a hash code for comparing different <UNK> .

Sample 4239:
Reference: copy method that will construct a new instance that is identical to this instance except that its content type will have specified type handler assigned .
Candidate: method for finding the serializer that will be the type type to .

Sample 4240:
Reference: writes the xml document to an output stream .
Candidate: writes the xcal document to an output stream .

Sample 4241:
Reference: return the object on top of the stack without removing it from the stack .
Candidate: returns the top item from the stack .

Sample 4242:
Reference: creates a new ui object for the given component .
Candidate: creates a new ui for the given ui .

Sample 4243:
Reference: get centrally maintained .
Candidate: get centrally maintained .

Sample 4244:
Reference: returns the parent of this node .
Candidate: returns the parent of the node .

Sample 4245:
Reference: removes all keys and values from this solution s attributes .
Candidate: removes all attributes from the list .

Sample 4246:
Reference: this is used to exclusively take the value mapped to the specified key from the cache .
Candidate: this is used to exclusively take the value mapped to the specified key from the cache .

Sample 4247:
Reference: creates a filter to the given named event type .
Candidate: creates a filter to the given named event type and filter .

Sample 4248:
Reference: create a typed trait instance .
Candidate: create a new trait instance with an entity reference id and associate it with the id pointed to by a guid .

Sample 4249:
Reference: gets all bytes from one file
Candidate: will be called if the read file is a successfully

Sample 4250:
Reference: multiplies the vector by another .
Candidate: multiplies the vector by another .

Sample 4251:
Reference: determine if we ve iterated to the end of our total turn markers .
Candidate: check if the elements has more elements .

Sample 4252:
Reference: whether this file additions all have a delete in some other file
Candidate: returns whether if there is a valid <UNK> for this entry .

Sample 4253:
Reference: checks if the system table containing the catalog is locked by the given session .
Candidate: check if the table is the to rollover by this <UNK> .

Sample 4254:
Reference: action called when the user click on ok .
Candidate: defines what s done when the user clicks ok .

Sample 4255:
Reference: the next number modulo the range .
Candidate: convert the many int value end range inclusive .

Sample 4256:
Reference: gets globally unique node id .
Candidate: gets a unique client identifier .

Sample 4257:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4258:
Reference: answers the question should the active file be flushed ? .
Candidate: answers the question should the active file be flushed ?

Sample 4259:
Reference: perform additional integrity checks .
Candidate: locks this message to check if the <UNK> is already seen .

Sample 4260:
Reference: calculates partial likelihoods at a node using a matrixmap .
Candidate: calculates partial likelihoods at a node using a matrixmap .

Sample 4261:
Reference: generate the identity key .
Candidate: generate the identity key . the identity key .

Sample 4262:
Reference: returns string representation of the specified object with special handling for inetaddress .
Candidate: returns string representation of the value .

Sample 4263:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 4264:
Reference: returns a new spannablestring from the specified charsequence .
Candidate: create a new cell style which is assigned to the specified range .

Sample 4265:
Reference: extract single result in text . br if there are more than one result only the first will be chosen .
Candidate: extract a single element to the given element .

Sample 4266:
Reference: invalidate oauth token for specified user .
Candidate: invalidate oauth token for specified user .

Sample 4267:
Reference: get the address of the primary node if there is one .
Candidate: determine if the network is valid .

Sample 4268:
Reference: resolve an element visited by the source iterator into an element of the type visitable by this iterator .
Candidate: resolve the context for abstract and throws an exception if unable to do so this .

Sample 4269:
Reference: checks to see if the user has rotation enabled disabled in their phone settings .
Candidate: checks to see if the user has rotation enabled disabled in their phone settings .

Sample 4270:
Reference: does this device have a system navigation bar ?
Candidate: does this device have a system navigation bar ?

Sample 4271:
Reference: print current stack frame information
Candidate: print a frame into a transform matrix to the call of the frames .

Sample 4272:
Reference: add security permission for types matching one of the specified regular expressions .
Candidate: add security permission for types matching one of the specified regular expressions .

Sample 4273:
Reference: ignores http session time out .
Candidate: ignores http session time out .

Sample 4274:
Reference: checks if a player has not already placed the max number of offers
Candidate: determines if the player is a player to equip and answers if the .

Sample 4275:
Reference: return maximum number of collisions in the hashtable .
Candidate: returns the min in upper bound to the number of integers .

Sample 4276:
Reference: retain only those vertices in the visited set that are found in the specified collection .
Candidate: retain only if the given key are contained in the set .

Sample 4277:
Reference: maps the physical buffer index to a logical vector position .
Candidate: gets the position stored in the <UNK> position .

Sample 4278:
Reference: create a parallel control flow strategy .
Candidate: create a parallel that strategy <UNK> .

Sample 4279:
Reference: some worklist may need the initial capacity .
Candidate: initializes the parameters with the given size .

Sample 4280:
Reference: issue the database statements to create the table associated with a class .
Candidate: issue the specified database to to the the classes with the specified source class .

Sample 4281:
Reference: performs routine cleanup following a write .
Candidate: performs routine cleanup following a write .

Sample 4282:
Reference: remove an existing flag on this boss bar
Candidate: remove given boss bar from this boss from the given

Sample 4283:
Reference: gets called if there is a new log message .
Candidate: adds a message to into log log .

Sample 4284:
Reference: returns a string describing this classifier
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 4285:
Reference: execute a query based on the prepared statement
Candidate: execute a query based on the prepared statement

Sample 4286:
Reference: called when machine has been run .
Candidate: called called when the is called when the machine is running .

Sample 4287:
Reference: throws an invalidoperationexception if failures returns a non null collection .
Candidate: throw all exception that should be called if the list of <UNK> and throws an exception .

Sample 4288:
Reference: reset the parser to the initial state with a new character reader .
Candidate: reset the parser to the initial state with a new character reader .

Sample 4289:
Reference: write part of a multipart request to the request body
Candidate: write part of a multipart request to the request body

Sample 4290:
Reference: get whether or not a wifi connection is currently connected .
Candidate: check if the wifi is is wifi .

Sample 4291:
Reference: removes all of the elements from this set .
Candidate: removes all of the elements from this set .

Sample 4292:
Reference: sends data using post method to the given address .
Candidate: sends a server using the given mail type

Sample 4293:
Reference: inserts all the key value pairs into this pdfdictionary .
Candidate: updates all all of the entries in this dictionary .

Sample 4294:
Reference: actualiza los datos del usuario
Candidate: actualiza los datos del usuario

Sample 4295:
Reference: adds an input to the transform node .
Candidate: adds a input to the input buffer which can be the offset and ignores the input .

Sample 4296:
Reference: displays a list of rows for the report .
Candidate: displays a list of rows for the report .

Sample 4297:
Reference: carica una classe dal provider e la restuituisce come array di byte .
Candidate: load the class file id for a single file type e . g .

Sample 4298:
Reference: todo this method can be optimized .
Candidate: refreshes the http challenge and sending the http response .

Sample 4299:
Reference: removes a connector listener from the connector .
Candidate: removes a connector listener from the connector .

Sample 4300:
Reference: append an long value .
Candidate: append an long value .

Sample 4301:
Reference: update offset to scroll .
Candidate: updates the scroll offset of the quickactionview s <UNK> method

Sample 4302:
Reference: processes the attribute with the given name of a jericho element for an url .
Candidate: process the attribute with a custom attribute message . the specified attribute .

Sample 4303:
Reference: toggle the slidingmenu .
Candidate: toggle the slidingmenu .

Sample 4304:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 4305:
Reference: returns a string representation of this certificate .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 4306:
Reference: add a new resource uri to the set of authorized resources .
Candidate: add more information about current http use .

Sample 4307:
Reference: nodes info of the cluster .
Candidate: nodes of of the cluster .

Sample 4308:
Reference: determine if the named column is part of the primary key .
Candidate: determine whether the values is the primary key for this column .

Sample 4309:
Reference: notify the monitor that java . lang . class . defineclass was called .
Candidate: notify the registered environmentviews of a given class .

Sample 4310:
Reference: compares a boolean with a date
Candidate: compares a boolean with a date

Sample 4311:
Reference: removes the specified revision from this manager .
Candidate: removes the provided revision from this container manager .

Sample 4312:
Reference: returns the value of this integer as a byte .
Candidate: returns the value of this byte as a byte .

Sample 4313:
Reference: close the underlying sqlite database file .
Candidate: close the underlying sqlite database file .

Sample 4314:
Reference: update the historical of this attribute after deleting a set of values .
Candidate: copy the historical information when values are specified .

Sample 4315:
Reference: plays an effect to all players within a given radius around a location .
Candidate: plays an effect to all players around a default radius around a location .

Sample 4316:
Reference: closes closeable ignoring any checked exceptions .
Candidate: closes closeable ignoring any checked exceptions .

Sample 4317:
Reference: append a boolean value .
Candidate: append a boolean value .

Sample 4318:
Reference: returns true if the domain is empty
Candidate: determines if there is an empty

Sample 4319:
Reference: gets the dryrun flag .
Candidate: gets the dryrun flag .

Sample 4320:
Reference: returns whether the requested flavor is supported by this transferable .
Candidate: returns whether or not the specified data flavor is supported for this object .

Sample 4321:
Reference: imports an idb file .
Candidate: import the the remote repository mode the <UNK> file to the disk file .

Sample 4322:
Reference: whether proxy commands are logged to the proxy log
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> is log to be executed .

Sample 4323:
Reference: gets the value of the encoded property .
Candidate: gets the value of the encoded property .

Sample 4324:
Reference: determines whether the given key exists .
Candidate: determines whether the given key exists .

Sample 4325:
Reference: returns size value of divider .
Candidate: returns size value of divider .

Sample 4326:
Reference: returns true if both drag offsets x and y are zero or smaller .
Candidate: returns true if both drag offsets x and y are zero or smaller .

Sample 4327:
Reference: reset oauth authentication fields of external system entity
Candidate: resets the system s <UNK> for the input repository then validate the key in the context .

Sample 4328:
Reference: confers with policy and calls appropriate callback method .
Candidate: confers with policy and calls appropriate callback method .

Sample 4329:
Reference: sends this sender a message
Candidate: sends a message to the chat .

Sample 4330:
Reference: start listening to messages on remote cluster nodes .
Candidate: listen for messages messages network nodes .

Sample 4331:
Reference: execute the post .
Candidate: execute the put request .

Sample 4332:
Reference: creates a new decoder state .
Candidate: creates a new decoder state .

Sample 4333:
Reference: handler for when an image was successfully loaded .
Candidate: handler for when an image was successfully loaded .

Sample 4334:
Reference: stop the timer and record the elapsed time .
Candidate: stops the elapsed time in milliseconds .

Sample 4335:
Reference: creates a new ui object for the given component .
Candidate: creates a new ui object for the given component .

Sample 4336:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4337:
Reference: return all of the indexstorageentries that from start to the tail of the map .
Candidate: return all of the indexstoreentries in the range that start and end of the map .

Sample 4338:
Reference: check if view need to update due to user input .
Candidate: check if view need to update due to user input .

Sample 4339:
Reference: collect the rule s that fire for the supplied incoming instance
Candidate: collect the rule s that fire for the supplied list

Sample 4340:
Reference: removes an imagefetchable from the queue of items to fetch .
Candidate: removes the given image from one if the is disabled .

Sample 4341:
Reference: return number of true bits
Candidate: gets the number of offsets for the <UNK>

Sample 4342:
Reference: determines whether a schema name may be used in an index definition statement .
Candidate: determines whether a schema name may be used in an index definition statement .

Sample 4343:
Reference: if two things are equal you can convert one to the other .
Candidate: override this method to be called when a different expression is to be processed .

Sample 4344:
Reference: removes all of the mappings from this map .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this map .

Sample 4345:
Reference: opens the manage zoom dialog .
Candidate: creates the auto automatic restore dialog for the the library and .

Sample 4346:
Reference: called every time when the scroll offset changed .
Candidate: called when a float scroll is changed

Sample 4347:
Reference: associates the specified value with the specified id in this storage .
Candidate: associates an specified value with the specified id .

Sample 4348:
Reference: subclasses for abstractop should override this method to return false in this message should not participate in any existing transaction
Candidate: this method is used to determine if we are in in the transaction .

Sample 4349:
Reference: alters this complex number as if an addition of another complex number was performed .
Candidate: alters this to to be updated part of the vector number was performed .

Sample 4350:
Reference: add a new task to the queue .
Candidate: push a task to the task

Sample 4351:
Reference: add product sku to cart .
Candidate: adds or product or not the product for the to the cart .

Sample 4352:
Reference: sets if the line chart should be filled outside its line .
Candidate: sets if the line chart should be filled outside its line .

Sample 4353:
Reference: returns the default equivalence strategy used to compare and hash keys or values referenced at this strength .
Candidate: returns the default equivalence strategy used to compare and hash keys or values referenced at this strength .

Sample 4354:
Reference: create the objects defined in a particular configuration file that have been deferred until after basic gui construction completed
Candidate: create the objects defined in a particular configuration file that have been deferred until after construction completed construction completed

Sample 4355:
Reference: should be called when the user presses the back button on the phone .
Candidate: should be called when the user presses the back button on the phone . .

Sample 4356:
Reference: checks if is customizable .
Candidate: checks if is customizable .

Sample 4357:
Reference: simulate keyboard to type out a special character .
Candidate: indicates whether a character is special key to be used .

Sample 4358:
Reference: resets the flag indicating that a new search request is necessary .
Candidate: resets the search manager to clear the new search and before it .

Sample 4359:
Reference: specifies the expected number of nodes in the graph .
Candidate: specifies the expected number of nodes in the graph .

Sample 4360:
Reference: elimina todos los elementos de la lista .
Candidate: elimina todos los elementos de la lista .

Sample 4361:
Reference: deserializes the payload without including schema information for primitive types maps and arrays .
Candidate: deserializes this object from an object .

Sample 4362:
Reference: set the get request to only return count of the keys
Candidate: set the usage of this method to be used for every <UNK> .

Sample 4363:
Reference: delete a record from the database .
Candidate: delete a key table

Sample 4364:
Reference: called when one of the monitored windows gains input focus .
Candidate: called when the user should be monitored focus

Sample 4365:
Reference: generates the output in case of failed verification .
Candidate: builds a <UNK> string that will cause the error message to a log message .

Sample 4366:
Reference: write all available metadata .
Candidate: writes all properties properties to a stream and writes it to the writer .

Sample 4367:
Reference: this default implementation does no painting .
Candidate: does no drawing by default .

Sample 4368:
Reference: return size of list .
Candidate: gets the number of records stored in this pool .

Sample 4369:
Reference: updates the current checksum with the specified byte .
Candidate: updates the internal checksum with the specified byte .

Sample 4370:
Reference: called when the file is created .
Candidate: called when the file is created .

Sample 4371:
Reference: insert the activating device
Candidate: insert or the device id to the local

Sample 4372:
Reference: removes a community from user faves .
Candidate: removes a group from users from the community .

Sample 4373:
Reference: creates a new empty file in the directory with the given name .
Candidate: convert a an output file

Sample 4374:
Reference: creates a lowered etched border with default colors highlight is derived from the component and shadow is a plain dark color
Candidate: creates a lowered etched border with the colors colors

Sample 4375:
Reference: create an instance of agreementmethodelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 4376:
Reference: returns whether or not a character is a digit .
Candidate: returns whether or not a character is a digit .

Sample 4377:
Reference: returns the number of documents in this set that are not in the other set .
Candidate: returns the number of documents in this set that are not in the other set .

Sample 4378:
Reference: create a xmlstring from a faststringbuffer .
Candidate: create a xmlstring from a faststringbuffer .

Sample 4379:
Reference: returns whether or not the border is opaque .
Candidate: returns whether or not the border is opaque .

Sample 4380:
Reference: try to lower the engine process priority .
Candidate: re rotate the gc to reduce the <UNK> to

Sample 4381:
Reference: remove the attributes specified by the attribute type strings from the entry corresponding to the dn argument .
Candidate: delete the provided dn of the attribute type strings from the entry corresponding to the dn argument .

Sample 4382:
Reference: send a dim bright commands to the hardware to reach a specific intensity .
Candidate: override the correct logic to be <UNK> for the entire maximum size .

Sample 4383:
Reference: checks if is populating .
Candidate: checks if the panel is being populated .

Sample 4384:
Reference: performs the same operation as translate x y z but by a set amount in a forgedirection
Candidate: performs the same operation as translate x y z but by a set amount in a forgedirection

Sample 4385:
Reference: tells if a path has been entered .
Candidate: determine whether an step has a step s step .

Sample 4386:
Reference: opens an output stream to an existing file for appending data .
Candidate: append a contents to the output path .

Sample 4387:
Reference: removes a converter from the set of converters .
Candidate: removes the <UNK> converter with the <UNK> method .

Sample 4388:
Reference: initialization of the servlet .
Candidate: initialization of the servlet .

Sample 4389:
Reference: write a constant pool reference .
Candidate: called when the given key is present to the <UNK> .

Sample 4390:
Reference: takes some action related to the link being clicked .
Candidate: takes some action related to the link being clicked .

Sample 4391:
Reference: registers a client connection with this jmx connection handler .
Candidate: registers a client connection to the client connection .

Sample 4392:
Reference: this method sets the end time for update and updates the counters
Candidate: this method will be called when the end of the cache and sets the data

Sample 4393:
Reference: replaces the first occurrence of this matcher s pattern in the input with a given string .
Candidate: replaces the first occurrence of this matcher s pattern in the input with a given string .

Sample 4394:
Reference: create a lazypstackx that contains the integers between start and end
Candidate: create a lazypstackx that contains the integers between start and end

Sample 4395:
Reference: returns the encoded url rewritten to include the session id .
Candidate: returns the encoded url for this cookie in the http client .

Sample 4396:
Reference: returns the creation date of the entry identified by the given alias .
Candidate: returns the creation date of the entry with the given alias .

Sample 4397:
Reference: stores this keystore to the given output stream and protects its integrity with the given password .
Candidate: stores this keystore to the given output stream and protects its integrity with the given password .

Sample 4398:
Reference: skip over any whitespace so that the matcher region starts at the next token .
Candidate: skip over any whitespace so that the matcher region starts at the next token .

Sample 4399:
Reference: change the key of a encrypted database .
Candidate: change the key of a encrypted database .

Sample 4400:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 4401:
Reference: show a modal dialog with a message icon and ok button .
Candidate: show a warning in the console dialog .

Sample 4402:
Reference: returns the non negative remainder of x m .
Candidate: linearly <UNK> to double precision doubles between doubles and double precision .

Sample 4403:
Reference: remove the variable from the namespace .
Candidate: removes the variable name the given name

Sample 4404:
Reference: reads and returns the remainder of this input stream as a string .
Candidate: read and return the remainder of the input as a string .

Sample 4405:
Reference: error output from the process will be written here as it happens .
Candidate: output the error stream to be output in the output stream .

Sample 4406:
Reference: creates a new random vector of a specified type .
Candidate: create a v object . f where v .

Sample 4407:
Reference: adds an file name pattern to the scope .
Candidate: add a file pattern to the exising list of file classes .

Sample 4408:
Reference: compose together the argument elements into a composite element of an optimization plan .
Candidate: a simple factory for an object to use a new composite .

Sample 4409:
Reference: create an instance of baseidelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 4410:
Reference: add a action to this notification .
Candidate: add a action to this notification .

Sample 4411:
Reference: finds all policies within the realm and passed application .
Candidate: finds all policies within the passed realm and application .

Sample 4412:
Reference: converts an input handle with the given prefix back to the corresponding resource .
Candidate: determine the <UNK> instance to handle an resource to the given resource .

Sample 4413:
Reference: performs the specified request .
Candidate: performs the specified request .

Sample 4414:
Reference: returns a hashcode for the specified value .
Candidate: returns a boolean value for the specified boolean value .

Sample 4415:
Reference: parse a json array from the given json parser which is closed after parsing completes into the given destination collection .
Candidate: parse a json array from the given json parser into the given destination destination .

Sample 4416:
Reference: defines a continue processing post connect plugin result .
Candidate: defines a continue processing pre post invocation .

Sample 4417:
Reference: file transfer has been paused by user
Candidate: called when the user wants to receive a transfer transfer

Sample 4418:
Reference: returns true if field persist is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field persist is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 4419:
Reference: invoke the correct listener method for this event .
Candidate: dispatches an event event key to cache .

Sample 4420:
Reference: resets all nodes in the network as if they have not been visited yet .
Candidate: resets all nodes in the network as if they have not been visited yet .

Sample 4421:
Reference: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .
Candidate: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .

Sample 4422:
Reference: returns an inet address having the integer value specified by the argument .
Candidate: returns an inet address having the integer value specified by the argument .

Sample 4423:
Reference: write the operation to the trace system if debug trace is enabled .
Candidate: print the trace level trace .

Sample 4424:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4425:
Reference: no record was selected take action to sync subordinate tables if any
Candidate: no record was selected take action to sync subordinate tables if any

Sample 4426:
Reference: set whether or not nested archives should be scanned .
Candidate: locks the scanning indicating that a <UNK> scanning is scanned for scanning .

Sample 4427:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 4428:
Reference: can the content below the given coordinate be edited ?
Candidate: determine if a coordinate represents a label to

Sample 4429:
Reference: convenience method for sending a message to an actor selection and returning the result .
Candidate: convenience method to allow the select message to a result and returning the result .

Sample 4430:
Reference: injects an end instruction into the outbound guacamole protocol stream as if sent by the connected client .
Candidate: writes the end instruction into the guacamole instruction stream .

Sample 4431:
Reference: gets the value of the bootretryoptionssupported property .
Candidate: gets the value of the circuit breaker for the <UNK> property .

Sample 4432:
Reference: it attempts to load a gc trace with the given file name .
Candidate: it attempts to load a gc trace with the given name .

Sample 4433:
Reference: scipio returns true only if the category id is child of the given parent category id .
Candidate: is the given category id have a category to to the root category

Sample 4434:
Reference: determines if the value is set to org .
Candidate: returns true if the user is a valid to use .

Sample 4435:
Reference: determine if this set of configured objects should be loaded after basic gui construction is completed
Candidate: performs called after construction that have been deferred after construction that have completed basic gui after construction completed construction completed completed

Sample 4436:
Reference: create and return a references header .
Candidate: create a references header .

Sample 4437:
Reference: zooms and centers a view .
Candidate: override the method to propagate the view view to any and zoom in the zoom screen .

Sample 4438:
Reference: checks whether the matrix is full .
Candidate: return true if the receiver is full ie the <UNK> .

Sample 4439:
Reference: delegates to the given method if available or does nothing .
Candidate: delegates to the given method if the is to trigger and then throws an unsupportedoperationexception .

Sample 4440:
Reference: if a unit s moral is broken this method should return true .
Candidate: determines whether the user is a bug to isolation <UNK> .

Sample 4441:
Reference: removes the common number of indents from all lines .
Candidate: removes common common number of indents from a .

Sample 4442:
Reference: returns the keys of the map either ordered or as is if the comparator is null .
Candidate: returns a key set that that <UNK> keys of the given map .

Sample 4443:
Reference: creates and persists a new data provider entity .
Candidate: creates and persists a new provider entity entity from the request entity .

Sample 4444:
Reference: checks if is this is a type for the authentication method provided as parameter .
Candidate: checks if the method is a type for the given method .

Sample 4445:
Reference: start the process writing the stdout and stderr to consumer .
Candidate: start the process writing the stdout and stderr to consumer .

Sample 4446:
Reference: get the layout stent for all the keys on the left hand side of the panel
Candidate: calculate the width of the map <UNK> width and the <UNK> .

Sample 4447:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 4448:
Reference: this method is called after updates are finished .
Candidate: called after the file has ended .

Sample 4449:
Reference: notify the listener that an error has occurred and results may not be trustworthy for a period e . g .
Candidate: tells that indicate that the connection was lost and

Sample 4450:
Reference: remove a cookie from store .
Candidate: removes the cookie source .

Sample 4451:
Reference: initializes the contents of the provided user data object with what was provided in the command line without prompting to the user .
Candidate: initializes the contents of the replication server data object with what was provided in the config directory .

Sample 4452:
Reference: write string chars trimmed to bytes only the lower bit will be saved per char code .
Candidate: write a byte array into the bit stream .

Sample 4453:
Reference: gets the value of the ok property .
Candidate: gets the value of the ok property .

Sample 4454:
Reference: sets title for uploaded media .
Candidate: set the title of the to use the the default title .

Sample 4455:
Reference: create empty uninitialized dataflow facts for one program point .
Candidate: create a fact related to the fact .

Sample 4456:
Reference: builds the rollout rest body to creating a rollout .
Candidate: subclasses the to this this provides the routing to perform .

Sample 4457:
Reference: gets the condition comparison operation for this instruction .
Candidate: the condition which of the condition condition .

Sample 4458:
Reference: gets the value of the usehostprofileengine property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> register property .

Sample 4459:
Reference: compare register and branch if non zero .
Candidate: compare register and branch if non zero .

Sample 4460:
Reference: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .
Candidate: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .

Sample 4461:
Reference: get builder v for constructing remote notifications .
Candidate: terminate an exclusive pair to another <UNK> .

Sample 4462:
Reference: the entry point of the test .
Candidate: the the entry point of the test .

Sample 4463:
Reference: converts the given hex string into a plain string .
Candidate: converts the given hex string into a plain string .

Sample 4464:
Reference: this function is available should you wish to explicitly have the world view clean up its framebuffer .
Candidate: called when the the view holder should be removed from the <UNK> .

Sample 4465:
Reference: sets dst dst this is a nop .
Candidate: invoke the dst implementations to apply the state of a cell and

Sample 4466:
Reference: sends the not found message
Candidate: sends the not found message

Sample 4467:
Reference: releases all resources associated with this instance .
Candidate: releases all resources associated with this instance .

Sample 4468:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4469:
Reference: checks if a resource uri fragment is a uri parameter .
Candidate: check if the resource is a uri or a regular expression .

Sample 4470:
Reference: even if the writer drops the segment at some point we still have the handle to the oldest segment and can continue to access it
Candidate: reset the <UNK> table to a scratch state of the old state .

Sample 4471:
Reference: throws exception if any associated with the given status .
Candidate: throws exception if any associated with the given status .

Sample 4472:
Reference: deletes data from start until end index end inclusive .
Candidate: delete the range from the range inclusive .

Sample 4473:
Reference: simply splits the string based on the delimeter into multiple lines
Candidate: this is the <UNK> in the <UNK> list so that it is not inserted into the <UNK> .

Sample 4474:
Reference: if the neuron is polarized it will be excitatory or inhibitory .
Candidate: returns true if this node is <UNK> to be <UNK> even if the edge has been added .

Sample 4475:
Reference: draws shadows on top and bottom of control .
Candidate: draws shadows on top and bottom of control

Sample 4476:
Reference: searches for all occurrences of the template in the str .
Candidate: find a query against a provided query and z statistics .

Sample 4477:
Reference: old style pad pkcs is available in encryptionpkcs .
Candidate: pad a plain payload and the byte array .

Sample 4478:
Reference: signature polymorphic methods need special handling .
Candidate: signature polymorphic methods need special handling .

Sample 4479:
Reference: any use of that method will be removed from bytecode and replaced with valid injection call .
Candidate: default default implementation returning an object html object .

Sample 4480:
Reference: insert a sub menu in the menu at the specified index .
Candidate: inserts a sub menu to the specified index .

Sample 4481:
Reference: method designed for system . out . print
Candidate: return the string representing the first page .

Sample 4482:
Reference: initializes the prompt and default name
Candidate: makes the all variables for all the fragment to this layout also overriding all views .

Sample 4483:
Reference: invoked after the color of the view edge changed .
Candidate: invoked after the color of the view with the view .

Sample 4484:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 4485:
Reference: returns false if any value is nan .
Candidate: returns false if any value is nan .

Sample 4486:
Reference: returns the number of elements contained in the hashtable .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in in the array .

Sample 4487:
Reference: invariant symbol positions are half open intervals .
Candidate: adds a token token to the user type .

Sample 4488:
Reference: adds a data set element using this data set the given data element and no category combo .
Candidate: add the given <UNK> to to the internal data set .

Sample 4489:
Reference: read one sector of the device .
Candidate: reads the sectors of the globe s rrd file .

Sample 4490:
Reference: returns the view for this typing indicator .
Candidate: you can be used when view is about to be displayed within the <UNK> .

Sample 4491:
Reference: the duration past the response s served date that it can be served without validation .
Candidate: the duration past the response s served date that it can be served without validation .

Sample 4492:
Reference: converts an offset in a line into an x co ordinate .
Candidate: converts an offset in a line into an x co ordinate .

Sample 4493:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end of the cell .

Sample 4494:
Reference: loads configuration from an implicit location .
Candidate: loads configuration settings using an explicit configuration .

Sample 4495:
Reference: get iterator over logical outgoing edges .
Candidate: get an iterator over outgoing edges from given vertex .

Sample 4496:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4497:
Reference: adds a single component to the end of this composite name .
Candidate: adds a single component to the end of this compound name .

Sample 4498:
Reference: converts rdata to a string
Candidate: converts the text method to string

Sample 4499:
Reference: adds a new mapitemvalue to the mapping .
Candidate: add a mapitemvalue to the map .

Sample 4500:
Reference: the bitmap of caught signals displayed as a decimal number .
Candidate: the bitmap of caught signals displayed as a decimal number .

Sample 4501:
Reference: instantiates a new change instance .
Candidate: creates a new property with the given identifier .

Sample 4502:
Reference: this is used to remove an action listener from the cancel button .
Candidate: removes a listener from the action listener .

Sample 4503:
Reference: gets the size of this instance in bit code units .
Candidate: generates the size of this instruction in bit code .

Sample 4504:
Reference: stop table sr editors and move focus to graphpanel
Candidate: stop from the to multi remove focus

Sample 4505:
Reference: returns the operating system on which this build was generated .
Candidate: returns the java output string for this property .

Sample 4506:
Reference: send a message to keyguard telling it the screen just turned on .
Candidate: called when the user is attempted to tell the <UNK> state .

Sample 4507:
Reference: returns the next character in the input pattern without advancing .
Candidate: returns the next character in the input pattern without advancing .

Sample 4508:
Reference: inserts a char array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a char array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 4509:
Reference: produce a jsonarray containing the names of the elements of this jsonobject .
Candidate: produce a jsonarray containing the names of the elements of this jsonobject .

Sample 4510:
Reference: returns the hash code value for this edipartyname .
Candidate: returns the hash code for the code .

Sample 4511:
Reference: trace the given text .
Candidate: trace the given text .

Sample 4512:
Reference: calculates the dot product of this vector with another .
Candidate: gets the dot product of this and other vector .

Sample 4513:
Reference: check and see if this set of permissions implies the permissions expressed in permission .
Candidate: check and see if this set of permissions implies the permissions expressed in permission .

Sample 4514:
Reference: removes the specified attribute
Candidate: remove the specified attribute id .

Sample 4515:
Reference: create or retrieve a blobstore at this directory .
Candidate: create or retrieve a blobstore at this location .

Sample 4516:
Reference: sorts keys in a map .
Candidate: sort a sorted map of mapping for the given map .

Sample 4517:
Reference: inserts a double array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a double array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 4518:
Reference: called when an ocsp response arrives .
Candidate: report the status to an <UNK> .

Sample 4519:
Reference: invalidate a thumbnail of the tab whose id is id .
Candidate: invalidate a thumbnail of the tab whose id is id .

Sample 4520:
Reference: performs exclusive or of the value against this bitset starting at the offset position using width bits from the value .
Candidate: logical xor to add more points to the end of this font .

Sample 4521:
Reference: creates dummy files for a npc if there is no player yet with that name .
Candidate: create a new singleton with the same name and <UNK>

Sample 4522:
Reference: creates info icon with given text as tool tip .
Candidate: creates info icon with given text as tool tip .

Sample 4523:
Reference: method to inquire if a signal head is included in this group
Candidate: check if a student is the to to the movement boundary .

Sample 4524:
Reference: loads the delete participants for the given element .
Candidate: loads the delete participants for the given element .

Sample 4525:
Reference: flags this object as being synchronized with the data source .
Candidate: flags this object as being synchronized with the data source .

Sample 4526:
Reference: convenience methods that call attr with predefined attributes
Candidate: returns the <UNK> to be executed when the <UNK> is completed .

Sample 4527:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 4528:
Reference: returns whether the isdisksynchronous property is set for this gatewaysender .
Candidate: returns isdisksynchronous boolean property for this gatewaysender .

Sample 4529:
Reference: this is an overloaded member function provided for convenience .
Candidate: draw the provided box with the specified rectangle and color .

Sample 4530:
Reference: validates the value object representation of the priced product role .
Candidate: validates that the authorization information of domain is is calculated .

Sample 4531:
Reference: set a d vector to a random unit vector with a random direction
Candidate: make a d function to a random random direction random for a random direction

Sample 4532:
Reference: indicates if the display is using high quality return value true or regular quality return value false rendering .
Candidate: indicates if display is using high quality return value true or regular quality return value false rendering .

Sample 4533:
Reference: intersect the current clip with the specified rectangle which is expressed in local coordinates .
Candidate: intersect the current clip with the specified rectangle which is expressed in local coordinates .

Sample 4534:
Reference: pretty print for log messages and even ui stuff
Candidate: pretty print for log messages and even ui stuff

Sample 4535:
Reference: register the given type meta model
Candidate: register the given type to model <UNK>

Sample 4536:
Reference: waits up to long delay ms for the given thread to enter a wait state blocked waiting or timed waiting .
Candidate: wait for the thread thread to wait until we re doing a resume thread

Sample 4537:
Reference: adds other into me returning me .
Candidate: adds other into me returning me . and returning me .

Sample 4538:
Reference: fix for bug we are updating the seqnumber so that new seqnumbers are generated starting from the latest in the system .
Candidate: updates the event results of this future .

Sample 4539:
Reference: this method is called when the extension is unloaded .
Candidate: this method is called when the extension is unloaded .

Sample 4540:
Reference: customize dialog to be overwritten by concrete classes
Candidate: customize dialog to be overwritten by concrete classes

Sample 4541:
Reference: method callback when the tag action is clicked
Candidate: method when some accepted when clicked tag is clicked

Sample 4542:
Reference: returns a synchronized type specific indirect priority queue backed by the specified type specific indirect priority queue using an assigned object to synchronize .
Candidate: returns a synchronized type specific indirect priority queue backed by the specified type specific indirect priority queue .

Sample 4543:
Reference: recupera los elementos asignables que tienen por padre el elemento no asignable cuyo identificador se suministra
Candidate: load all prices from the given shop

Sample 4544:
Reference: called when the item is used .
Candidate: checks if can be used an item .

Sample 4545:
Reference: create an instance of mobilenetworkradioencryptionelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 4546:
Reference: tests if the given sample genotype in a record is homozygous alt .
Candidate: tests if the given number genotype in a record is <UNK> or not .

Sample 4547:
Reference: method from object forward from remoteobject
Candidate: method from object forward from remoteobject

Sample 4548:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4549:
Reference: returns the minimum value of three floats .
Candidate: returns the minimum value of a b .

Sample 4550:
Reference: convert from px to dp
Candidate: convert from px to dp

Sample 4551:
Reference: updates the color of the input field depending on whether the entered formula string is valid or not .
Candidate: recalculate the recalculate based on the input renderer .

Sample 4552:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 4553:
Reference: clear all authentication tokens .
Candidate: clear all authentication tokens .

Sample 4554:
Reference: remove a like on this media by the currently authenticated user .
Candidate: block the media on this method by <UNK> currently logged in .

Sample 4555:
Reference: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .
Candidate: tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames .

Sample 4556:
Reference: returns a new where clause from the provided string expression .
Candidate: gets a clause clause which runs as a single column clause .

Sample 4557:
Reference: make the badge visible in the ui .
Candidate: make the badge visible in the ui .

Sample 4558:
Reference: method to check if a style file is being used .
Candidate: returns whether the not this style is currently loaded or not .

Sample 4559:
Reference: puts an array of bytes into this sink .
Candidate: puts an array of bytes into this sink .

Sample 4560:
Reference: adds the property to the entity that corresponds to the guid
Candidate: updates updates the property to the configuration for the entity to unique attribute set for the specified entity id

Sample 4561:
Reference: send text data to the other end .
Candidate: send text data to the other end .

Sample 4562:
Reference: use this method to create an anymvalue from an iterable .
Candidate: construct an anymvalue instance that wraps an iterable of a null iterable

Sample 4563:
Reference: inserta un historico de unidad documental en la base de datos .
Candidate: inserts the <UNK> threshold to the <UNK> list .

Sample 4564:
Reference: comprueba si se ha establecido el transaction manager en el logger
Candidate: check if we are guaranteed to be used in the transaction server

Sample 4565:
Reference: remove vehicle from activity location
Candidate: removes the difference between this and and bb ids .

Sample 4566:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 4567:
Reference: set the number to rebound right x position in pixels
Candidate: set the left side rebound to the right side .

Sample 4568:
Reference: returns if given object is a phone
Candidate: whether true if the phone value is a phone number

Sample 4569:
Reference: percentile must be in range
Candidate: the alternative t in range of <UNK> .

Sample 4570:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .

Sample 4571:
Reference: shows an error dialog with a message and a content text and a collection of error messages inside an expandable text area .
Candidate: shows a previously set dialog message with a message of this exception and no trace exception

Sample 4572:
Reference: link an existing parse user to facebook with the requested read permissions .
Candidate: link an existing parse user to facebook with the facebook permissions .

Sample 4573:
Reference: indicates whether this surface shape is always drawn flat and on the surface .
Candidate: indicates if the shape should draw drawn shape for the current dimension .

Sample 4574:
Reference: called when the close animation is canceled .
Candidate: called when the animation is canceled or called on the <UNK> view .

Sample 4575:
Reference: updates features of the series to reflect the current widget settings as specified by the user .
Candidate: rebuilds the system components to be the same time .

Sample 4576:
Reference: send this message to the specified player .
Candidate: send this message to the specified player .

Sample 4577:
Reference: request the preview to be rendered again .
Candidate: request the preview to be rendered again .

Sample 4578:
Reference: creates an observable only for the child changed method
Candidate: creates an observable only for the child changed method

Sample 4579:
Reference: invoked after the visibility state of the node changed .
Candidate: invoked after the visibility of the given changed changed .

Sample 4580:
Reference: handle an optional bindings clause .
Candidate: handle a optional group of <UNK> query and only the snippet of the query .

Sample 4581:
Reference: this method should stop interact on changes in editor and clean up all outer reference like handling events and so on
Candidate: called when the user wants to close the <UNK> .

Sample 4582:
Reference: creates the default inverse cumulative probability test input values
Candidate: creates the inverse cumulative probability test input values

Sample 4583:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 4584:
Reference: returns the total length of the path .
Candidate: returns the length of the path used by this path .

Sample 4585:
Reference: show error toast to users
Candidate: show error toast to users

Sample 4586:
Reference: invoked after objects of the datastore have been updated inserted or removed in some way .
Candidate: called when a content of a context

Sample 4587:
Reference: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .
Candidate: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .

Sample 4588:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4589:
Reference: return the landlord s uuid .
Candidate: reconnect the transaction back back

Sample 4590:
Reference: an error message was received from the channel .
Candidate: an error message was received from the channel .

Sample 4591:
Reference: adds a graphic to the overlay .
Candidate: adds a graphic to the overlay .

Sample 4592:
Reference: checks if variable is configured self
Candidate: true for the current server itself .

Sample 4593:
Reference: add a constraint for finding string values that contain a provided string .
Candidate: add a constraint expression for the query that matches with a provided string .

Sample 4594:
Reference: this method scales image down for given value related to image center .
Candidate: this method scales image down for given value related to image center .

Sample 4595:
Reference: searches for a parameter value that is defined as a static constant in this class .
Candidate: searches for a parameter value that is defined as a static constant in this class .

Sample 4596:
Reference: indicates whether reconnection is enabled .
Candidate: returns whether if the is is allowed to use when the <UNK> is created .

Sample 4597:
Reference: creates relative database entities required for the unit tests .
Candidate: create a new unique entities for the most <UNK> . .

Sample 4598:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4599:
Reference: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .
Candidate: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .

Sample 4600:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns a new <UNK> indicating that the <UNK> is about to be replaced by the <UNK> .

Sample 4601:
Reference: call the specified consumer with the request amount if any rail receives a request .
Candidate: call the specified consumer with the request request if any rail receives a request .

Sample 4602:
Reference: searches a data tag with the provided id and returns the first found .
Candidate: find the data and return the equipment data type as a new equipment .

Sample 4603:
Reference: gets the value of the sctiesregn property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property to be <UNK> .

Sample 4604:
Reference: constructs an empty treemap .
Candidate: constructs a new map of the dimensions dimensions of all dimensions .

Sample 4605:
Reference: helper api to start the settings app directly into the details page for the app .
Candidate: helper api to start the settings app directly into the details page for the app .

Sample 4606:
Reference: browse up one frame eliding native frames
Candidate: callback up the <UNK> that has been called by the <UNK> .

Sample 4607:
Reference: return copy of node .
Candidate: creates a copy of long as tree placed within the tree .

Sample 4608:
Reference: converts a string representation of a date to its respective date object .
Candidate: convert a date string to a date representation .

Sample 4609:
Reference: create a structure piece of this store s type .
Candidate: call this method to call type for the extra methods .

Sample 4610:
Reference: returns true if this symbol table is empty .
Candidate: are there any entries in the countermap false does not mean totalcount

Sample 4611:
Reference: method to flush any caching values for cases where may need resetting ie in cmyk where restore will render last values in setcolor used for caching invalid
Candidate: clears any cached jarfile .

Sample 4612:
Reference: subclasses can override this method to create new subclasses of bcssserviceprovider without having to override addservice in order to instantiate .
Candidate: subclasses can override this method to create new subclasses of bcssserviceprovider without having to override addservice in order to instantiate .

Sample 4613:
Reference: stores a short value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: stores a short value in the memory location pointed to by the client .

Sample 4614:
Reference: atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
Candidate: atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .

Sample 4615:
Reference: returns the width in bits of the crc function .
Candidate: returns the width of the value available in this constant .

Sample 4616:
Reference: notify the system that the visibility of an action view s sub ui such as an anchored popup has changed .
Candidate: notify the system that the visibility of an action view s sub ui such as an anchored popup has changed .

Sample 4617:
Reference: returns the writestream for data in the current segment .
Candidate: returns the the chunk of this chunk

Sample 4618:
Reference: asserts that two objects refer to the same object .
Candidate: asserts that two objects refer to the same object .

Sample 4619:
Reference: specifies a custom comparator function to order parameters .
Candidate: specifies the maximum comparator function to be used by the <UNK> .

Sample 4620:
Reference: returns a descending iterator starting from the specified element .
Candidate: get an iterator starting from the specified element .

Sample 4621:
Reference: constructs a random string of length .
Candidate: return a random string string from a string

Sample 4622:
Reference: this method adds a new property criteria .
Candidate: add a property to the provided name

Sample 4623:
Reference: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .
Candidate: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .

Sample 4624:
Reference: returns the sum of the files in this diff .
Candidate: return the number of productions that have the total number of clusters .

Sample 4625:
Reference: checks if the request is full filled .
Candidate: true if the thumbnail animation is finished .

Sample 4626:
Reference: creates a cluster state request .
Candidate: returns the state of the cluster state .

Sample 4627:
Reference: reset the cipher .
Candidate: fully clears the crop without dropping anything .

Sample 4628:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method for testing this class .

Sample 4629:
Reference: look up if a project exist and return true if so
Candidate: only if we will only be disabled and only the top project file .

Sample 4630:
Reference: the java source which this symbol represents .
Candidate: returns the name as user readable string .

Sample 4631:
Reference: get the next node in the iteration .
Candidate: get the next node in the iteration .

Sample 4632:
Reference: return true if the node has expired .
Candidate: returns true if we already have expired .

Sample 4633:
Reference: method to append a part of a char array
Candidate: convenience method to append a charr array

Sample 4634:
Reference: updates an experimentstatistics object to include all the progress metrics .
Candidate: generate <UNK> to be called in the <UNK> <UNK> .

Sample 4635:
Reference: put mapping from unicode code point to character class .
Candidate: put implemented from unicode code point to character classes .

Sample 4636:
Reference: get the seconds since epoch for a time according to joda time .
Candidate: calculate a job per time for the given dates .

Sample 4637:
Reference: this method exists for a possibility of test cases replacing the filestoremonitor for an extension that would for instance pretend a disk full on certain tests .
Candidate: injects the monitor monitor to use the monitor cache and

Sample 4638:
Reference: convert from pixels to density independent pixels .
Candidate: to convert a small method to the same number of pixels .

Sample 4639:
Reference: returns time to wait in millis from now based on start and wait in request .
Candidate: calculate the number of milliseconds that corresponds to a keep the expiration time .

Sample 4640:
Reference: timeout i . e process did not complete
Candidate: this method is true if this environment is alive .

Sample 4641:
Reference: hook method dispatched by the genericactivity framework to initialize an operations ops object after it s been created .
Candidate: hook method dispatched by the genericactivity framework to initialize an operations ops object after it s been created .

Sample 4642:
Reference: make sure a time is local .
Candidate: make a new time time to utc .

Sample 4643:
Reference: get the subresource containing all of the commands related to a tenant s resource servers .
Candidate: returns the resource instance of the resource related to this host .

Sample 4644:
Reference: send contact changes and get global ids for new contacts that are users .
Candidate: sync a user to the list of phone permissions .

Sample 4645:
Reference: return a value representing the absolute value of the given one .
Candidate: return the absolute value .

Sample 4646:
Reference: convert int array to integer array
Candidate: convert int array to integer array

Sample 4647:
Reference: looks up the minimum value appearing in the distribution .
Candidate: looks up the minimum value appearing in the distribution .

Sample 4648:
Reference: returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry .
Candidate: returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry .

Sample 4649:
Reference: crea elementos no asignables en deposito
Candidate: clears the <UNK> inventory using the <UNK> but wants to deploy the redstone

Sample 4650:
Reference: this method will try to invoke the method void initgui mainframe of plugininit class of every plugin .
Candidate: initialize the compiler to sleep for the <UNK> class .

Sample 4651:
Reference: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .
Candidate: creates a new instance of this fragment to create the new instance of parsedurldata .

Sample 4652:
Reference: stops the monitor .
Candidate: stops this service this service has started

Sample 4653:
Reference: return the canonical encoding of this header .
Candidate: encode the header of a string .

Sample 4654:
Reference: called when activity pause
Candidate: called by the system and pause all of the activity components .

Sample 4655:
Reference: invoked by native listener .
Candidate: called socket of an error message .

Sample 4656:
Reference: determines if this board contains the coords and if so selects that coords .
Candidate: determines if this board contains the coords and if it contains the given coords .

Sample 4657:
Reference: the cdf static version .
Candidate: cumulative density function version of the <UNK> .

Sample 4658:
Reference: check if remote download is progressing
Candidate: returns true if download is a progress bar .

Sample 4659:
Reference: given a collection of widgets evaluates probability of a connection and makes connections
Candidate: tells a collection of frozen containers to a collection of <UNK> containers .

Sample 4660:
Reference: static method ints double fit both jvm and aix registers
Candidate: static method for double fit in both jvm and aix registers

Sample 4661:
Reference: create provision a new service instance .
Candidate: creates a service instance using the same type details .

Sample 4662:
Reference: compares two keys in internal converted form to see if they are equal .
Candidate: compares two keys in internal converted form to see if they are equal .

Sample 4663:
Reference: reads headers or trailers .
Candidate: reads headers or trailers .

Sample 4664:
Reference: subclasses should override this .
Candidate: subclasses must implement this method to handle the fragment title

Sample 4665:
Reference: returns the number of bits in this hash code a positive multiple of .
Candidate: returns the number of of bits in this hash code a positive multiple of .

Sample 4666:
Reference: returns a map with at least elements where each element is absent from javamap .
Candidate: generate a map of key from the map .

Sample 4667:
Reference: invoked when a key is pressed .
Candidate: invoked when a key has been pressed .

Sample 4668:
Reference: adds the given filter to the tochannels edition editor .
Candidate: adds the given filter to the tochannels edition editor .

Sample 4669:
Reference: write an unparsed messageset extension field to the stream .
Candidate: write an unparsed messageset extension field to the stream .

Sample 4670:
Reference: creates the table required for the migration to occur
Candidate: creates a target table for the given parameters .

Sample 4671:
Reference: returns the predicate that describes which records should be deleted .
Candidate: returns the predicate that describes which records should be modified .

Sample 4672:
Reference: creates the nativescreen for this platform .
Candidate: creates a screen that should be used in the <UNK> screen .

Sample 4673:
Reference: specifies socket keep alive option .
Candidate: set the initial request to the cluster .

Sample 4674:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4675:
Reference: build the button build the parent s row build the menu
Candidate: build the menu from message base .

Sample 4676:
Reference: evaluate the output and express in the avatar s image .
Candidate: evaluate the output and express emotion .

Sample 4677:
Reference: start activity for result
Candidate: start activity for result

Sample 4678:
Reference: disables the grid line to be drawn in dashed mode .
Candidate: disables the grid line to be drawn in dashed mode .

Sample 4679:
Reference: should move the log to the end of the stream .
Candidate: this method to to to to to to to to end of the animation

Sample 4680:
Reference: check that xml path doesn t exist for a datasource fixture .
Candidate: validates that a configuration file does not exist .

Sample 4681:
Reference: constructs a matrix with the given shape each cell initialized with the given value .
Candidate: constructs a matrix with the given shape in this cell and .

Sample 4682:
Reference: returns true if this meta isn t contains any data .
Candidate: determines if there are no models in the stack .

Sample 4683:
Reference: marks the point in time from which on the participant starts to receive events
Candidate: initialization for timing specifier by adding the initial instance time .

Sample 4684:
Reference: add an entry to create a zone between an initiator and port .
Candidate: add an entry to create the initiator .

Sample 4685:
Reference: inserts a byte array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a byte array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 4686:
Reference: writes an informative header in the beginning of the file
Candidate: prints the header to a new stringbuilder .

Sample 4687:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4688:
Reference: returns the amount of free memory in the system .
Candidate: returns the amount of free memory used by the <UNK> .

Sample 4689:
Reference: return the next logical character from the input stream .
Candidate: implements the next character in the java . io .

Sample 4690:
Reference: send is composing status
Candidate: send is is composing status

Sample 4691:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4692:
Reference: enable voice recognition for fragment
Candidate: enable voice recognition for fragment

Sample 4693:
Reference: request to no longer be informed when new measurements arrive .
Candidate: remove a listener from the list measurement is available .

Sample 4694:
Reference: cast a double to a decimal value string xx . xx
Candidate: cast a boolean to a boolean value string xx . xx

Sample 4695:
Reference: takes thread dump of target application .
Candidate: takes thread dump of target application .

Sample 4696:
Reference: invoked after a local function node comment has been deleted .
Candidate: invoked after a local function node comment has been deleted .

Sample 4697:
Reference: returns true for json formatted .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is a valid <UNK> or not .

Sample 4698:
Reference: parse the sip response message status line
Candidate: parse the sip response message status line

Sample 4699:
Reference: closes this cache .
Candidate: closes this cache .

Sample 4700:
Reference: p formats the time gap as a string using the specified format .
Candidate: formats a time period with the given time stamp .

Sample 4701:
Reference: unregisters all the events handlers defined in the specified listener object .
Candidate: unregisters all the events handlers defined in the specified listener .

Sample 4702:
Reference: get the next xmlevent
Candidate: get the next <UNK>

Sample 4703:
Reference: you changed your mp consumption by using skillname .
Candidate: you have yourself your skills by using skillname .

Sample 4704:
Reference: parses consistency level provided as string .
Candidate: executes a message level by telling it if the logger is to be printed .

Sample 4705:
Reference: set a panelslidelistener used with the crossfadeslidingpanelayout
Candidate: creates the default material listener to be notified of the layout listener is also hidden .

Sample 4706:
Reference: vnc server name or ip address
Candidate: returns the property bound for this node .

Sample 4707:
Reference: saves the current info window location to shared preferences .
Candidate: saves the <UNK> window to the <UNK> window and saves it to an attack .

Sample 4708:
Reference: is acquiring stream allowed ?
Candidate: is acquiring stream allowed ?

Sample 4709:
Reference: add a listener for jmappanemouseevents
Candidate: add a mouse action to the input .

Sample 4710:
Reference: sets the table property with the given name and type to the given value .
Candidate: adds an column property to the set of type information .

Sample 4711:
Reference: update the order of departments according to the given list
Candidate: sort the given list of <UNK> to be tracked by the <UNK> .

Sample 4712:
Reference: resets so that the validation message is no longer shown
Candidate: fully clears the crop without dropping anything .

Sample 4713:
Reference: detects whether this value represents a json string .
Candidate: detects whether this value represents a json string .

Sample 4714:
Reference: scan the next token .
Candidate: utility method to detect if the scanner is already added to the .

Sample 4715:
Reference: returns the length in days of the specified year .
Candidate: returns the length in days of the specified year .

Sample 4716:
Reference: makes sure that a path ends with
Candidate: ensures path path to end of the path or empty .

Sample 4717:
Reference: creates a not equals predicate using the specified expected value .
Candidate: constructs an <UNK> with this same value as a bigdecimal .

Sample 4718:
Reference: return whether this dimension can be aggregated .
Candidate: return whether this dimension can be aggregated .

Sample 4719:
Reference: create a new linkedhashset .
Candidate: create a new linkedhashset .

Sample 4720:
Reference: check if items in given gridinventory is valid for this recipe .
Candidate: returns true if given instance is valid and if so in the layout s inventory .

Sample 4721:
Reference: returns an imageicon or null if the path was invalid .
Candidate: returns an imageicon or null if the path was invalid .

Sample 4722:
Reference: inorder traversal from the root
Candidate: inorder traversal from the root

Sample 4723:
Reference: append an element to the parameter list .
Candidate: append an element to the parameter list .

Sample 4724:
Reference: performs pre execution checks .
Candidate: this method will be called when the <UNK> is seen otherwise throws an exception .

Sample 4725:
Reference: checks whether this rectangle entirely contains the rectangle at the specified location rx ry with the specified dimensions rwidth rheight .
Candidate: checks whether this rectangle entirely contains the rectangle at the specified location rx ry with the specified dimensions rwidth rheight .

Sample 4726:
Reference: returns true if field intset is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if this accessor is set to an int .

Sample 4727:
Reference: make this text component blink
Candidate: make this text component struck to javascript

Sample 4728:
Reference: log the messages involved in the topology startsession handshake .
Candidate: log the start session in the replicationserver .

Sample 4729:
Reference: null if no key was published .
Candidate: return the unique key for the node .

Sample 4730:
Reference: closes a connection from this pool .
Candidate: closes a connection from this pool .

Sample 4731:
Reference: onrefresh will be called for both a pull from start and pull from end
Candidate: onrefresh will be called for both a pull from start and pull from end

Sample 4732:
Reference: looks up a given vertex label in this graph .
Candidate: looks up a given vertex label in this graph .

Sample 4733:
Reference: evaluates a y value and if it is the closest to the anchor y value it becomes the new crosshair value .
Candidate: if a y is visible and if the y is required to the a new value

Sample 4734:
Reference: returns a new copy of this variance with the given bias correction setting .
Candidate: constructs a new builder with the given range correction codes .

Sample 4735:
Reference: the number of characters in the mapped text .
Candidate: gets the total number of text in the buffer text .

Sample 4736:
Reference: returns whether the specified provider exists or not .
Candidate: returns whether the specified provider exists or not .

Sample 4737:
Reference: get the vdc id embedded in the uri or null if none
Candidate: get the vdc id embedded in the uri string or null if none

Sample 4738:
Reference: install ui set not opaque
Candidate: installs this ui to the metal look representation .

Sample 4739:
Reference: determines whether a schema name may be used in an index definition statement .
Candidate: determines whether a schema name may be used in an index definition statement .

Sample 4740:
Reference: returns the zero value for the given type .
Candidate: returns the number of units of this sequence .

Sample 4741:
Reference: execute progarray in a separate platform process the new process uses the environment provided in envp
Candidate: execute commands in a separate platform process the new process environment in the environment envp

Sample 4742:
Reference: called when a zoom change is triggered .
Candidate: called when a zoom change is triggered .

Sample 4743:
Reference: returns the block size in bytes .
Candidate: returns the block size in bytes .

Sample 4744:
Reference: detect if connection is stale and should be reopened .
Candidate: tell whether the system is completely released only .

Sample 4745:
Reference: ends the rotate action .
Candidate: ends the rotate action .

Sample 4746:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4747:
Reference: closes all resources and disposes of the service .
Candidate: disposes the robot peer when it is no longer needed .

Sample 4748:
Reference: called to set the serviceqname qname for standard wsdl deployments
Candidate: only the service to be the <UNK> of a job client .

Sample 4749:
Reference: bind a mod texture
Candidate: called the local texture podcasts to a the of the specified partition .

Sample 4750:
Reference: mark component as valid
Candidate: mark component as valid

Sample 4751:
Reference: move the bookmark to the new index within same folder or to a different folder .
Candidate: move the bookmark to the new index within same folder or to a different folder .

Sample 4752:
Reference: log an openflow error message from a switch
Candidate: log an error message .

Sample 4753:
Reference: tries to match node s to this node if so waking up thread .
Candidate: tries to match node s to this node if so waking up thread .

Sample 4754:
Reference: returns the vm s version .
Candidate: returns the vm s version .

Sample 4755:
Reference: skillcaster is in the boost skill state because he used skillname .
Candidate: skillcaster received num damage skill by using skillname .

Sample 4756:
Reference: fired when a request returns successfully and contains a json array at the base of the response string .
Candidate: fired when a request returns successfully and contains a json array at the base of the response string .

Sample 4757:
Reference: version that automatically pops a message .
Candidate: prints an error message and cause the error as an error .

Sample 4758:
Reference: called once when the full size image or its base layer tiles have been loaded .
Candidate: called once when the full size image or its base layer tiles have been loaded .

Sample 4759:
Reference: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 4760:
Reference: adds all the provided xy series to the list .
Candidate: adds all the provided xy series to the list .

Sample 4761:
Reference: check if a key is on in locked state .
Candidate: indicates whether the resource already locked locked for this key and the specified key .

Sample 4762:
Reference: closes the open connection only .
Candidate: close the connection from the socket .

Sample 4763:
Reference: tests if a is smaller than b .
Candidate: tests if a is smaller than b .

Sample 4764:
Reference: triggered when any available working set manager state has been changed .
Candidate: called when the internal state change in the <UNK> .

Sample 4765:
Reference: defaults the ssl connection to use a strong cipher suite and tls version
Candidate: enables the mac property with the given protocol socket .

Sample 4766:
Reference: tree model node change notification .
Candidate: tree search check for notification .

Sample 4767:
Reference: keep a collection of the columns to pass to update if a duplicate key happens for mysql style insert . . . on duplicate key update . . . .
Candidate: keep a collection of the columns to pass to update if a duplicate key happens for mysql style insert . . . on duplicate key update on duplicate key update

Sample 4768:
Reference: overload connect method to issue call to ensure default projections are enabled .
Candidate: connects to the server after connection to the server .

Sample 4769:
Reference: returns the string identifying the given cudevice p pattribute
Candidate: returns the string identifying the given culimit

Sample 4770:
Reference: returns whether the marker with the specified id is currently visible .
Candidate: queries the marker for the specified marker marker is not visible .

Sample 4771:
Reference: visits a lookupswitch instruction .
Candidate: visits a lookupswitch instruction .

Sample 4772:
Reference: invoked before bulk execution in eds to update mirror statistics
Candidate: called before bulk execution in eds to update mirror statistics

Sample 4773:
Reference: start an hash context .
Candidate: start an backup hash

Sample 4774:
Reference: the main method for ldapmodify tool .
Candidate: the main method for <UNK> the test .

Sample 4775:
Reference: returns whether or not the input is standardized for the priors
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is to be <UNK> or not .

Sample 4776:
Reference: reset the ui to its init state waiting while searching screen disabled background image visible no results message disabled
Candidate: reset the ui to its init state waiting while searching screen disabled

Sample 4777:
Reference: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid .
Candidate: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid .

Sample 4778:
Reference: creates a write message to be sent by this process
Candidate: creates a write message to the process process

Sample 4779:
Reference: adds a person who is involved in the free busy entry .
Candidate: adds a person who will be emailed when the alarm fires only applicable for email alarms .

Sample 4780:
Reference: mark a grid location as filled in for a cells overflow .
Candidate: mark the grid location as filled in for a cells overflow .

Sample 4781:
Reference: called upon a response from the network stack .
Candidate: called upon a response from the network stack .

Sample 4782:
Reference: the graphical representation of the legend shape .
Candidate: the graphical representation of the legend shape .

Sample 4783:
Reference: called when the host view is attached to a window .
Candidate: called when the view containing the hierarchy is attached to a window either temporarily or permanently .

Sample 4784:
Reference: makes this object immutable .
Candidate: makes this object immutable .

Sample 4785:
Reference: calculates a projected coordinate for a given latitude value .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> in radians .

Sample 4786:
Reference: returns true if the cursor is non null and not closed .
Candidate: return whether a cursor cursor valid .

Sample 4787:
Reference: any promises must complete .
Candidate: any promises must complete .

Sample 4788:
Reference: convert to pixel size of given dimen in current density
Candidate: convert a dp float value to pixels

Sample 4789:
Reference: called when the generation count increments
Candidate: called each initial the time each generation count

Sample 4790:
Reference: adds a new element name to the hashtable of available elements .
Candidate: adds a new element name to the hashtable of available elements .

Sample 4791:
Reference: returns true if getstyle has the bold bit set .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is the bold italic

Sample 4792:
Reference: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting if necessary until an element becomes available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting if necessary until an element becomes available .

Sample 4793:
Reference: register new fxgversionhandler that can overwrite existing fxgversionhandler if one already exists for that fxg version .
Candidate: register the for the specified fxgversion

Sample 4794:
Reference: hook function overridden in instrumentedraptorworker b efore advancing to the next minute
Candidate: advance to the next hour of the <UNK> and this method will be executed .

Sample 4795:
Reference: inverse project a point d from map x y space into world coordinates .
Candidate: creates inverse dependent point .

Sample 4796:
Reference: read an array of ints
Candidate: read an array of ints

Sample 4797:
Reference: copy assignment left right .
Candidate: copy assignment left right .

Sample 4798:
Reference: formats the time to a string value .
Candidate: formats a given date

Sample 4799:
Reference: create a serviceclient instance using the given trustmanager keymanager and requestpayloadsizelimit
Candidate: create a serviceclient instance using the given trustmanager and <UNK>

Sample 4800:
Reference: show a toast message .
Candidate: show a toast message .

Sample 4801:
Reference: gets the first message sent by the other member
Candidate: get the message for all fields in this to to the call this .

Sample 4802:
Reference: this method uses a region to check case insensitive equality .
Candidate: check if an string starts a prefix of the same string .

Sample 4803:
Reference: creates a stopword set from the given stopword list .
Candidate: creates a critical group pointing with a <UNK> group and <UNK> .

Sample 4804:
Reference: the appearance of cannot be modified into and vice versa as they are different type of items .
Candidate: you cannot have the item in the the .

Sample 4805:
Reference: adds a queryextension information for the specified path
Candidate: adds an index to be called if the filter is not allowed .

Sample 4806:
Reference: returns a grayed version of the icon .
Candidate: returns a single icon icon for the icon .

Sample 4807:
Reference: warning uses default lml syntax .
Candidate: warning uses default lml syntax .

Sample 4808:
Reference: decrements the workercount field of ctl .
Candidate: decrements the workercount field of ctl .

Sample 4809:
Reference: returns the namespace mapped to the specified prefix .
Candidate: look up a namespace prefix to be used in the current namespace .

Sample 4810:
Reference: get the candidate sketchaggregation as a sketchestimatepostaggregation .
Candidate: get the <UNK> metricfield as a provided .

Sample 4811:
Reference: returns true if the high contrast theme should be used as the default theme .
Candidate: returns true if the high contrast theme should be used as the default theme .

Sample 4812:
Reference: subclasses must override this method .
Candidate: does this the return result . .

Sample 4813:
Reference: short version of ifoperational .
Candidate: invoke a consumer is beleived to be invoke the consumer but invoke the consumer with the value .

Sample 4814:
Reference: called when a technical error with the connection occurs .
Candidate: callback invoked by web when operation failed .

Sample 4815:
Reference: wrapper method for uncompresslongarray .
Candidate: wrapper method for <UNK> .

Sample 4816:
Reference: returns a deep copy of the receiver .
Candidate: returns a deep copy of the receiver .

Sample 4817:
Reference: unconditionally pushes c onto stack retrying if necessary .
Candidate: unconditionally pushes c onto stack retrying if necessary .

Sample 4818:
Reference: checks whether a method for the passed in parameters can be found .
Candidate: checks whether a method for the passed in parameters can be found .

Sample 4819:
Reference: adds a comment to the journal entry .
Candidate: adds a comment to the timezone observance .

Sample 4820:
Reference: computes the sum of the sequence of short values that are obtained by invoking a transform function on each element of the input sequence .
Candidate: sum the sum of of two characters

Sample 4821:
Reference: ruft den wert der rotation eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: ruft den wert der rotation eigenschaft ab .

Sample 4822:
Reference: user id by default current user .
Candidate: id of the message to be sent .

Sample 4823:
Reference: isusphonenumber returns true if string s is a valid u . s .
Candidate: isusphonenumber returns true if string s is a valid u . s .

Sample 4824:
Reference: shows a hiliteeditor interface allowing end users to edit the data hilites currently in use by this databoundcomponent .
Candidate: shows a hiliteeditor interface allowing end users to edit the data hilites currently in use by this databoundcomponent .

Sample 4825:
Reference: doesn t throw an exception so this is how it approves a certificate .
Candidate: doesn t allow any of this algorithm is validated and signature is trusted for any authentication for the specified extensions .

Sample 4826:
Reference: returns true if the given extension has a registered mime type .
Candidate: returns true if the given extension has a registered mime type .

Sample 4827:
Reference: performs validation on a set of string .
Candidate: performs validation on a set of string .

Sample 4828:
Reference: this method adds another authenticator to the globalauthenticator that will be enqueued in the list of authenticators that are tried for proxy requests for authentification .
Candidate: register the given key with the provided size .

Sample 4829:
Reference: similar to debug but doesn t do a n automatically .
Candidate: print a <UNK> string the arguments and pass out of the <UNK> string .

Sample 4830:
Reference: rebinds the specified name to a new remote object .
Candidate: rebinds the specified name to a new remote object .

Sample 4831:
Reference: open the input stream
Candidate: open the input stream

Sample 4832:
Reference: wait element to present using explicit waits with default explicit wait time out seconds .
Candidate: wait for the <UNK> thread to check until the time is met .

Sample 4833:
Reference: method makes ajax post call to ensure if component is hidden .
Candidate: method can be used to invalidate this view s hidden .

Sample 4834:
Reference: returns whether the project nature specified by the given nature extension id has been added to this project .
Candidate: tells whether the project nature specified by the given nature extension id has been added to the described project .

Sample 4835:
Reference: updates all the children with new data .
Candidate: updates the view from the first non active .

Sample 4836:
Reference: update a qtree within a filesystem .
Candidate: updates the <UNK> within a filesystem .

Sample 4837:
Reference: print a formatted string to standard output using the specified format string and arguments and flush standard output .
Candidate: prints a formatted string to standard output using the specified format and arguments and then flushes standard output .

Sample 4838:
Reference: the svn status of some resources changed .
Candidate: the svn status of some resources changed .

Sample 4839:
Reference: determines if this protocol provides checksum values default is false .
Candidate: indicates whether this is a public action for the same type .

Sample 4840:
Reference: a callback to inform the client of the result of a queueing operation .
Candidate: this method should notify the client when the the media is completed .

Sample 4841:
Reference: write a table from the given outputstream .
Candidate: write a table from the given outputstream .

Sample 4842:
Reference: notifies this listener of a change in a node s inputs .
Candidate: performs the user actions in the the configuration node .

Sample 4843:
Reference: returns the number of bytes stored into the vertex data buffer by one read call
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 4844:
Reference: paint the foreground maximized button mouse over state .
Candidate: paint the background bar mouse button state to state .

Sample 4845:
Reference: handle the parsing of an array store bytecode .
Candidate: does the first store part the the to an array .

Sample 4846:
Reference: returns true if this request has been canceled .
Candidate: returns true if this request has been canceled .

Sample 4847:
Reference: run this pipeline element with given input data and executor .
Candidate: runs this runs by single one .

Sample 4848:
Reference: adds a csp state listener to the solution strategy .
Candidate: adds a listener to the listener list .

Sample 4849:
Reference: whether animating when auto scroll at the last or first item default is true
Candidate: whether animating when auto scroll at the last or first item default is true

Sample 4850:
Reference: for strtrees the bounds will be envelopes for sirtrees intervals for other subclasses of abstractstrtree some other class .
Candidate: determine if the specified element intersects with the specified rectangle or

Sample 4851:
Reference: returns short from given array of nibbles .
Candidate: returns short from given array of nibbles .

Sample 4852:
Reference: adds the given field type for analysis .
Candidate: adds the given field type for analysis .

Sample 4853:
Reference: converts a biginteger array into an integer array
Candidate: converts vector from a byte array to an integer of the .

Sample 4854:
Reference: get cardinality of inactive jobs
Candidate: get cardinality of inactive jobs type

Sample 4855:
Reference: set a property whose value is a double .
Candidate: stores a property from a property whose value is a double .

Sample 4856:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4857:
Reference: verifies whether the input certificate completes the path .
Candidate: checks whether the x is is enough to be processed by the <UNK> .

Sample 4858:
Reference: registers the metadata for this element .
Candidate: registers the metadata for this element .

Sample 4859:
Reference: open the file and seek to specific offset for reading .
Candidate: open an open device according to the specified in path according to the given path .

Sample 4860:
Reference: visits an iinc instruction .
Candidate: visits an iinc instruction .

Sample 4861:
Reference: validates the tick unit entered .
Candidate: validates that the current compilation unit is reduced to the <UNK> unit

Sample 4862:
Reference: enable swc version filtering filer out swcs with minimumsupportedversion compatibility version
Candidate: checks if the version bar should be displayed in the <UNK> log .

Sample 4863:
Reference: reads a map structure .
Candidate: get the map map of entries from the map of <UNK> .

Sample 4864:
Reference: can be overridden by unit tests to verify properties of the graph .
Candidate: checks if the graph should be used in the graph .

Sample 4865:
Reference: wait for the asynchronous operation to complete with the specified timeout uninterruptibly .
Candidate: wait for the asynchronous operation to complete with the specified timeout uninterruptibly .

Sample 4866:
Reference: return whether this collection type has ordered elements .
Candidate: returns whether this pipeline if a terminal operation were to be executed would execute in parallel .

Sample 4867:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when current item clicked
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when current item clicked

Sample 4868:
Reference: adds an element to the set .
Candidate: add an integer element to the list .

Sample 4869:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the cancel button .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the cancel button .

Sample 4870:
Reference: animate icon to given state .
Candidate: animate icon to given state .

Sample 4871:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4872:
Reference: all manastones that were socketed in have disappeared .
Candidate: you have failed to be the item .

Sample 4873:
Reference: validates an ip address .
Candidate: validate if the given value is valid and valid properties .

Sample 4874:
Reference: checks state of the bean .
Candidate: checks that symbol components has been injected .

Sample 4875:
Reference: if the attached media is resizeable resize it to fit within the bytelimit .
Candidate: called when the native side information to the mmsc read or . .

Sample 4876:
Reference: logs a message of the specified level .
Candidate: logs a message of the specified level .

Sample 4877:
Reference: callback to be invoked when playback of a media source has completed .
Candidate: callback to be invoked when playback of a media source has completed .

Sample 4878:
Reference: number of elements currently on the priority queue worst case is o
Candidate: returns the number of key value pairs in this symbol table .

Sample 4879:
Reference: callback called whenever an appropriate jwindow is created by the autocomplete library .
Candidate: callback called whenever an appropriate <UNK> is created by the autocomplete library .

Sample 4880:
Reference: create an instance of authenticatingauthorityelement
Candidate: create an instance of authenticatingauthorityelement

Sample 4881:
Reference: get number of update events qualified by this cq .
Candidate: get number of events this this scheduler .

Sample 4882:
Reference: invoke this method to unregister a view hierarchy .
Candidate: invoke this method to unregister a view hierarchy .

Sample 4883:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 4884:
Reference: reset the carousel to the start position i . e .
Candidate: set the view to the next zoom out if it is no longer needed .

Sample 4885:
Reference: adds the period to the instant specifying the number of times to add .
Candidate: adds a period to this instant specifying the instant to add instant .

Sample 4886:
Reference: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 4887:
Reference: a static method that creates a mapbean and sets its projection and border to the values given .
Candidate: creates a map instance for the mapbean and of the components .

Sample 4888:
Reference: this method adds a specific class with this global mapping to xml configuration file . br at least one field must be configured .
Candidate: this method adds a specified class with this global mapping .

Sample 4889:
Reference: returns a configuration initialized with the values encountered in the system properties .
Candidate: returns the configuration and stores all the configuration for the given business object .

Sample 4890:
Reference: fills the table with the given value .
Candidate: set the columns of the columns .

Sample 4891:
Reference: create an instance of msgcontactelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 4892:
Reference: on receiver receive new packet call this
Candidate: receiver receiver receive packet packet receiver

Sample 4893:
Reference: tests whether this value is nan .
Candidate: tests whether this value is the special nan

Sample 4894:
Reference: return available capacity for new entries .
Candidate: return available capacity for new entries .

Sample 4895:
Reference: write a map header .
Candidate: write a <UNK> to a map of relationship and sets the the content type .

Sample 4896:
Reference: converts this vector into a unit vector .
Candidate: <UNK> a vector containing the second contour as a vector vector .

Sample 4897:
Reference: moves to the row with the given rowid .
Candidate: add the named row

Sample 4898:
Reference: create a sax exception which also understands about the location in the digester file where the exception occurs
Candidate: create an <UNK> object with the parsed message .

Sample 4899:
Reference: unblock request on shard long .
Candidate: calculate request requests for shard s <UNK> .

Sample 4900:
Reference: method that will check if there are mix in classes with mix in annotations for given class
Candidate: find if this class is have the given class name for this class .

Sample 4901:
Reference: cancel all of the task in the threadpool
Candidate: cancel all of the task in the threadpool

Sample 4902:
Reference: determine if the source string still contains characters that next can consume .
Candidate: determine if the source source still contains characters that next can consume .

Sample 4903:
Reference: you can notify live channels if your stream is currently unavailable
Candidate: notify the listener that the video has changed and sending a video to .

Sample 4904:
Reference: returns the integer value stored in this object for the given key .
Candidate: returns the integer value stored in this object for the given key .

Sample 4905:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 4906:
Reference: show a printwindow containing a printable view of the component passed in containing print html .
Candidate: show the show show the view of a show view .

Sample 4907:
Reference: creates a titan graphquery that corresponds to the given graphquery .
Candidate: creates an opengl query instance using the given gremlin query .

Sample 4908:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 4909:
Reference: reads input until the given symbol is found .
Candidate: reads input until the given symbol is found .

Sample 4910:
Reference: add a marker string to look for when in endpartitionproperties
Candidate: start a partition definition properties in the global . .

Sample 4911:
Reference: fill treeelements with appropriate elements
Candidate: fills the tree views the specified view and expand to to .

Sample 4912:
Reference: performs scalar multiplication multiplying all components with a scalar .
Candidate: performs scalar multiplication multiplying all components with a scalar .

Sample 4913:
Reference: new description text for the link .
Candidate: community comments the community in the community .

Sample 4914:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 4915:
Reference: null safe comparison of comparables .
Candidate: null safe comparison of comparables .

Sample 4916:
Reference: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .
Candidate: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .

Sample 4917:
Reference: resolve an appropriate implicit this instance for t s container .
Candidate: resolve an appropriate implicit this instance for t s container .

Sample 4918:
Reference: returns true if there are more nodes on the current stack .
Candidate: check if there are more nodes in

Sample 4919:
Reference: returns the data that has been encrypted using this encrypter
Candidate: encrypts an data provider .

Sample 4920:
Reference: conditionally copy a query hint adding it to the caller s list .
Candidate: makes a copy on is enabled on a system property .

Sample 4921:
Reference: delete an entry from the cache
Candidate: deletes an entry from the cache .

Sample 4922:
Reference: throws interruptedexception if thread is interrupted .
Candidate: utility to see if the operation to do not cancel in front .

Sample 4923:
Reference: returns the widget represented by the specified uid symbol
Candidate: gets a unique group name for the specified name in the database .

Sample 4924:
Reference: remove all hint icons .
Candidate: remove all hint icons .

Sample 4925:
Reference: sincronizar dados com banco de dados
Candidate: sincronizar dados com banco de dados

Sample 4926:
Reference: create an instance of secretkeyprotectiontype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 4927:
Reference: deletes all addresses from this reference .
Candidate: clears the <UNK> of this network .

Sample 4928:
Reference: disconnect from the current peer .
Candidate: disconnect all the switch s channels and mark the switch as disconnected

Sample 4929:
Reference: adds an input stream to the request .
Candidate: adds an input stream to the request .

Sample 4930:
Reference: get the month of year field type .
Candidate: get the month of year field that should be overridden by <UNK> .

Sample 4931:
Reference: alias a class to a shorter name to be used in xml elements .
Candidate: called by the default name of the <UNK> to if it is not already registered .

Sample 4932:
Reference: add a field with the specified value without any validation .
Candidate: add a field with the specified value without any validation .

Sample 4933:
Reference: starts the countdown timer .
Candidate: starts the countdown timer .

Sample 4934:
Reference: this method will load the policy file and would initialize the required data structures .
Candidate: initialization will be called after the normalization model is retrieved .

Sample 4935:
Reference: writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
Candidate: writes a stream to a new stream .

Sample 4936:
Reference: checks if the explosion is flaming .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is <UNK> to be <UNK> or not .

Sample 4937:
Reference: resumes read operations for this session .
Candidate: resumes read operations for this session .

Sample 4938:
Reference: attempts to save an answer to the specified index .
Candidate: attempts to save an answer to the specified index .

Sample 4939:
Reference: partstack is being clicked and requests focus
Candidate: partstack is being clicked and requests focus

Sample 4940:
Reference: the java source which this symbol represents .
Candidate: the java init string .

Sample 4941:
Reference: clears the input meta data and error messages .
Candidate: clears this meta data and port at this port .

Sample 4942:
Reference: checks whether at least one attribute type can be handled with the given class type
Candidate: checks whether at least one attribute type can be handled with the given class type

Sample 4943:
Reference: checks if is drawn .
Candidate: checks if is drawn .

Sample 4944:
Reference: removes a host from this network record
Candidate: removes a host from this network record

Sample 4945:
Reference: notify the host application that the scale applied to the webview has changed .
Candidate: called when the user changed the <UNK> for the best scale .

Sample 4946:
Reference: iterate all descendant model groups of the given model group including itself .
Candidate: traverses to apply a collection of matched functions to the matched elements .

Sample 4947:
Reference: reset the position to zero .
Candidate: reset the position to zero .

Sample 4948:
Reference: add a propertychangelistener to be notified of changes to the properties bounds to this tupleset .
Candidate: add a propertychangelistener to be notified of changes to the properties bounds to this tupleset .

Sample 4949:
Reference: register an rpc service implementation on this server .
Candidate: register a service for running <UNK> .

Sample 4950:
Reference: set zookeeper session timeout in milliseconds .
Candidate: set zookeeper session timeout in milliseconds .

Sample 4951:
Reference: updates preferences on singletons so we don t have to register preference change listeners for them .
Candidate: updates the summaries and repeat updates from the cloud .

Sample 4952:
Reference: scans the plugin for declared public annotated classes
Candidate: scans a plugin map with the specified name

Sample 4953:
Reference: retrieve a memory buffer from its backed memory allocator .
Candidate: retrieve a memory buffer from its backed memory allocator .

Sample 4954:
Reference: check if it is carbon index file matching extension
Candidate: check if a file name is a valid file name the same number of bytes .

Sample 4955:
Reference: the entry point of the test .
Candidate: the entry point of the test .

Sample 4956:
Reference: add element to the designated printwriter .
Candidate: output the tag line in the output stream and writes it to the tag .

Sample 4957:
Reference: gives the tiptext for numberautoencoders .
Candidate: returns the tip text for the <UNK> .

Sample 4958:
Reference: sends a message containing only the what value .
Candidate: sends a message containing only the what value .

Sample 4959:
Reference: is this a stateful property ?
Candidate: returns whether this state is to be called .

Sample 4960:
Reference: return the flag indicating if should inject delays .
Candidate: return the flag indicating if should inject delays .

Sample 4961:
Reference: scroll out contentview and finish the activity
Candidate: scroll out contentview and finish the activity

Sample 4962:
Reference: generates the instruction to increment the given local variable .
Candidate: generates the instruction to increment the given local variable .

Sample 4963:
Reference: connect to a network with the given networkid .
Candidate: initiate the <UNK> for the remote device .

Sample 4964:
Reference: report an object of a class that is not part of the bootimage .
Candidate: trace the users to a bash internal position .

Sample 4965:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 4966:
Reference: put the page in the cache .
Candidate: caches the page for cache entries to the given cache .

Sample 4967:
Reference: get reader to response body using given character set .
Candidate: get reader to response body using given character set .

Sample 4968:
Reference: installs a remote command service listener to this discoverer .
Candidate: add a listener to be notified when a remote service is added to the remote service .

Sample 4969:
Reference: initializes this signature object with the specified private key for signing operations .
Candidate: initializes this signature object with the specified private key operations operations operations .

Sample 4970:
Reference: returns a string representation of this method
Candidate: converts a performance string this method to call this method

Sample 4971:
Reference: gets the value of the partialupgradeallowed property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 4972:
Reference: converts the given expression into a valid sql clause .
Candidate: get the given url expression to a string .

Sample 4973:
Reference: method calls by nested lg putlist gt tags .
Candidate: store attribute in the tag .

Sample 4974:
Reference: reloads the configurables of the selected server
Candidate: reloads the configurables of the selected server

Sample 4975:
Reference: convert time to a string
Candidate: convert time to a string

Sample 4976:
Reference: creates a new nop instruction .
Candidate: creates a new virtual instruction .

Sample 4977:
Reference: registers all the events in the given listener class
Candidate: registers all the events in the given listener class

Sample 4978:
Reference: rich text editing was enabled disabled for this editor .
Candidate: rich text editing was enabled disabled for this editor .

Sample 4979:
Reference: returns the message header by given header name .
Candidate: get header of specified header

Sample 4980:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 4981:
Reference: tell if the result namespace decl should be excluded .
Candidate: tell if the result namespace decl should be excluded .

Sample 4982:
Reference: factory method for creating a new backend configuration .
Candidate: creates a new backend instance from the correct type .

Sample 4983:
Reference: returns true if this token is known word
Candidate: return if the attribute is known to the generic type as a dependency .

Sample 4984:
Reference: initializes the view s attributes so that the view is in position to begin the animation .
Candidate: initializes the view s attributes so that the view is in view to begin the animation .

Sample 4985:
Reference: creates a new query that returns object s .
Candidate: creates a new query that returns object s .

Sample 4986:
Reference: finish parsing a group element which is just a string
Candidate: ends the current group .

Sample 4987:
Reference: toggle the slidingmenu .
Candidate: toggle the slidingmenu .

Sample 4988:
Reference: must be called directly after the corresponding scoring call .
Candidate: must be called directly after the corresponding scoring call .

Sample 4989:
Reference: auto generated axis call back method for queryassociatedlunsforport method override this method for handling normal response from queryassociatedlunsforport operation
Candidate: auto generated axis call back method for communication method override this method for handling normal response from queryassociatedlunsforport operation

Sample 4990:
Reference: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time
Candidate: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time

Sample 4991:
Reference: start an array context .
Candidate: start an empty .

Sample 4992:
Reference: retain the icon for the given page url .
Candidate: called when the url page is available for the page url .

Sample 4993:
Reference: creates the signedsignatureproperties dom object element .
Candidate: initialize the default properties of the <UNK> properties and remembers it s the keys .

Sample 4994:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 4995:
Reference: returns true if smooth zoom is supported .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> cloud is supported for the <UNK> .

Sample 4996:
Reference: check if the swc has any rsl info associated with it .
Candidate: check if the config file is to be included in the gemfire cache .

Sample 4997:
Reference: resets the peak memory usage statistic of this memory pool to the current memory usage .
Candidate: resets the peak memory usage statistic of this memory pool to the current usage usage .

Sample 4998:
Reference: changes the selection in the table in response to a right mouse click .
Candidate: handles the right mouse click .

Sample 4999:
Reference: tear down instance variables required by this test case .
Candidate: tear down instance variables required by this test case .

Sample 5000:
Reference: creates all rest artifacts for a given software module .
Candidate: create a new bug list for the given virtual machine .

Sample 5001:
Reference: finds the next entry in the current chain .
Candidate: finds the next entry in the current chain .

Sample 5002:
Reference: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .
Candidate: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .

Sample 5003:
Reference: add a local temporary table to this session .
Candidate: add a local temporary table to this session .

Sample 5004:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 5005:
Reference: get value from int using normalized index
Candidate: get value from int using normalized index .

Sample 5006:
Reference: builds the inlinekeyboardmarkup object
Candidate: builds the <UNK> the the used used the formatter implementation .

Sample 5007:
Reference: compute combined array length
Candidate: calculate the size in full hash of the provided byte array

Sample 5008:
Reference: returns the offset of the long that stores the bit for the given index .
Candidate: given an offset in chunk .

Sample 5009:
Reference: should new storage be used .
Candidate: indicates whether the storage button is use to use the desktop .

Sample 5010:
Reference: called after a cache miss to compute a value for the corresponding key .
Candidate: called after a cache miss to compute a value for the corresponding key .

Sample 5011:
Reference: clear the pattern lookup table .
Candidate: clear the pattern lookup table .

Sample 5012:
Reference: removes the trailing period
Candidate: removes the period period from the <UNK>

Sample 5013:
Reference: checks if the response received by the http message corresponds to this user .
Candidate: check whether authentication authentication was successful

Sample 5014:
Reference: determines whether the declaration s containing scope is a method
Candidate: determines whether the declaration s containing scope is a method

Sample 5015:
Reference: constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property and set of float values .
Candidate: constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property and set of float values .

Sample 5016:
Reference: run the service synchronously and return the result .
Candidate: run the service synchronously and return the result .

Sample 5017:
Reference: appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
Candidate: appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .

Sample 5018:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: request to return a value

Sample 5019:
Reference: creates the view for an element .
Candidate: creates the view for an element .

Sample 5020:
Reference: removes name and its associated object from the context .
Candidate: can be called by name name this context .

Sample 5021:
Reference: create a new linkedhashmap .
Candidate: create a new linkedhashmap .

Sample 5022:
Reference: writes this schema description to a file with the given name .
Candidate: writes this schema description to a file with the given name .

Sample 5023:
Reference: get the default value for a given key
Candidate: find the default value by key forms

Sample 5024:
Reference: add the user with the given username and password
Candidate: adds a user to the underlying repository .

Sample 5025:
Reference: adds a sub view to this tabbed view .
Candidate: adds a sub view to this composite view name .

Sample 5026:
Reference: makes this object immutable .
Candidate: makes this object immutable

Sample 5027:
Reference: checks whether indexes are legal and throws an exception if necessary .
Candidate: checks whether indexes are legal and throws an exception if necessary .

Sample 5028:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5029:
Reference: creates info icon with given text as tool tip .
Candidate: creates info icon with given text as tool tip .

Sample 5030:
Reference: redirects the default java serialization via externalizable to our default hadoop writable serialization for efficient broadcast rdd deserialization .
Candidate: read the default java serialization via externalizable to our default hadoop writable serialization for our empty consistency

Sample 5031:
Reference: creates an equipment in the c mon server .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the c mon server .

Sample 5032:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5033:
Reference: checks if a given string is null or empty
Candidate: check if the is null null and value are null .

Sample 5034:
Reference: removes the specified required attribute .
Candidate: removes the required required attribute .

Sample 5035:
Reference: is there a type by the given name ?
Candidate: returns true if the given name is defined .

Sample 5036:
Reference: reads an address object .
Candidate: reads an address object .

Sample 5037:
Reference: configure library instance with appropriate readers writers etc . . .
Candidate: configures the <UNK> of the <UNK> json to the the base .

Sample 5038:
Reference: render the throws part of the model .
Candidate: render the throws part of the model .

Sample 5039:
Reference: performs a search for the given string .
Candidate: performs a search for the given string .

Sample 5040:
Reference: method execute executes the passed action by invoking the method mapped by the receiver with a parameter of the exact type of action .
Candidate: executes the given action .

Sample 5041:
Reference: create an instance of transformselement
Candidate: create an instance of transformselement

Sample 5042:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an enum field .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an embedded bytes .

Sample 5043:
Reference: converts pixesl to dips
Candidate: convert dp to dp

Sample 5044:
Reference: closes this connection prematurely .
Candidate: close this datagram with the message .

Sample 5045:
Reference: shortens a view name .
Candidate: gets the full mapping of a map

Sample 5046:
Reference: starts a bridge server on the given port
Candidate: starts a bridge server that will be given to the given size and notifybysubscription to serve up the given region .

Sample 5047:
Reference: returns true if the text direction in this layout is from left to right .
Candidate: returns true if the line is less left to right i . e .

Sample 5048:
Reference: include the specified field in the encoder .
Candidate: include the specified field in the encoder .

Sample 5049:
Reference: occurs when the device is closed .
Candidate: called when the application has been closed .

Sample 5050:
Reference: returns true class files are always read only .
Candidate: no this is a mutable data record .

Sample 5051:
Reference: called when the user clicked the done button
Candidate: called when the user clicked the done button

Sample 5052:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5053:
Reference: build a new payload for the given term and document .
Candidate: creates a new payload in the parsed target of .

Sample 5054:
Reference: tests if thread contention monitoring is enabled .
Candidate: returns whether thread contention monitoring is enabled .

Sample 5055:
Reference: use this method to open a chatting room with other user .
Candidate: build an url to construct a fragment representing the user to build . room .

Sample 5056:
Reference: adds a file to the list of recent files used .
Candidate: should be the method used to add a file for the recent menu .

Sample 5057:
Reference: test whether this priority is lower or equal to other priority .
Candidate: determine whether two priority is lower than with .

Sample 5058:
Reference: stub method needed to satisfy java compilers when compiling lambdas .
Candidate: stub method needed to satisfy java compilers when compiling lambdas .

Sample 5059:
Reference: create an index that can be used when executing queries .
Candidate: create a index of this index using the given regions regions .

Sample 5060:
Reference: called before a websocket frame is sent .
Candidate: called when a frame is the left into a remote frame .

Sample 5061:
Reference: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time
Candidate: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time

Sample 5062:
Reference: the natural log of the probability density function of the distribution
Candidate: the natural log density function of the probability density function of the given log

Sample 5063:
Reference: write any cached data to the underlying output mechanism .
Candidate: writes any cached data to the underlying output mechanism .

Sample 5064:
Reference: determines if this syllable is before a break .
Candidate: determines if the argument is no indentation for the <UNK> .

Sample 5065:
Reference: metodo que actualiza un intercambio registral
Candidate: actualiza que el <UNK> de datos del intercambio registral

Sample 5066:
Reference: inserts the string representation of the specified long into this buffer at the specified offset .
Candidate: inserts the string representation of the specified long into this buffer at the specified offset .

Sample 5067:
Reference: close the database connection
Candidate: close the database connection

Sample 5068:
Reference: adds a new nfs share .
Candidate: add a new <UNK> to the container location .

Sample 5069:
Reference: run update from cfml engine
Candidate: remove a update to the old password of this password

Sample 5070:
Reference: configures text view .
Candidate: configures text view .

Sample 5071:
Reference: this method uses the default compiler baseline to compile a method it is typically called when a more aggressive compilation fails .
Candidate: this method checks the optimization method that support in the <UNK> method .

Sample 5072:
Reference: deletes a key value pair from the map .
Candidate: deletes a key value pair from the map .

Sample 5073:
Reference: visits a non standard attribute of the field .
Candidate: visits a non standard attribute of the field .

Sample 5074:
Reference: register a broadcastreceiver that receives a result from the uploadvideoservice when a video upload completes .
Candidate: register a broadcastreceiver that receives a result from the uploadvideoservice when a video upload completes .

Sample 5075:
Reference: return the relationship related by the type with the high consciousness level .
Candidate: return the relationship related by the type with the high consciousness level .

Sample 5076:
Reference: add a task that will run once after the interval .
Candidate: run after task execution is in the main thread .

Sample 5077:
Reference: checks whether this preference should be selectable in the list .
Candidate: checks whether this preference should be selectable in the list .

Sample 5078:
Reference: this method prints the content of the allpartitionedregion s contents for this partitionedregion .
Candidate: dumps the directory to the existing storage and also remove the private .

Sample 5079:
Reference: find the maximum value in an array .
Candidate: find the maximum value in an array .

Sample 5080:
Reference: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .
Candidate: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .

Sample 5081:
Reference: this method will add a new legion member to the cache
Candidate: add a <UNK> to to the cache .

Sample 5082:
Reference: returns the adapter position of the last visible view .
Candidate: returns the adapter visible of the result from the result .

Sample 5083:
Reference: trace the given message and exception .
Candidate: traces the message at which trace level is specified with the given output level .

Sample 5084:
Reference: perform the actual work of the request .
Candidate: gets called after the experiment finished .

Sample 5085:
Reference: returns true if the member belongs to the external configuration .
Candidate: internal to see if this event has been parsed as internal .

Sample 5086:
Reference: using the properties file bye file object .
Candidate: using the properties file .

Sample 5087:
Reference: adds a parameter to the function parameter list .
Candidate: adds an import node to the list and sets its children .

Sample 5088:
Reference: add the give uid
Candidate: return the message uid and use to the next <UNK> if we are not already present in the list .

Sample 5089:
Reference: decodes data from base notation .
Candidate: decodes data from base notation .

Sample 5090:
Reference: reports that the given node is about to lose a child .
Candidate: reports that the given node is about to lose a child .

Sample 5091:
Reference: gets and removes a local or stolen task for the given worker .
Candidate: moves and return a single task if one is enabled .

Sample 5092:
Reference: default xml namespace new namespace . . .
Candidate: evaluate the node and return the default value for this node .

Sample 5093:
Reference: start visiting a vector .
Candidate: start visiting a vector .

Sample 5094:
Reference: initializes the ideal point and reference points weights .
Candidate: initialize the terminal snippet .

Sample 5095:
Reference: create non permanent spawn template with no respawn
Candidate: add new <UNK> to spawn for the spawn but not not be deleted after the same not .

Sample 5096:
Reference: this doesn t wrap ioexception because some callers need to propagate it .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> threshold from the first <UNK> or replaces all the resources .

Sample 5097:
Reference: validates the business object definition update request .
Candidate: validates the validity of business objects definition for the request request .

Sample 5098:
Reference: this method is used to register a listener which will be notified of changes to burp s suite wide target scope .
Candidate: this method is used to register a listener which will be notified of changes to burp s suite wide target scope .

Sample 5099:
Reference: divide this vector by another vector on each component .
Candidate: divide this vector by another vector on each component .

Sample 5100:
Reference: get the current position .
Candidate: get the position of this split object .

Sample 5101:
Reference: called when configuration s name has been changed .
Candidate: performs some actions when user change name of workspace .

Sample 5102:
Reference: reports whether this mixer supports synchronization of the specified set of lines .
Candidate: reports whether this mixer supports synchronization of the specified set of lines .

Sample 5103:
Reference: opens a stream to an entry in the jar .
Candidate: performs a read for a read path in the archive path .

Sample 5104:
Reference: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .
Candidate: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .

Sample 5105:
Reference: returns true if field fullsyncrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field fullsyncrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 5106:
Reference: ensures that serialization returns the unique instances .
Candidate: ensures that serialization returns the unique object .

Sample 5107:
Reference: return true if the specified key is in the map
Candidate: return true if this map contains the given key

Sample 5108:
Reference: configure the device to an ap
Candidate: configure the device to an ap

Sample 5109:
Reference: marks the specified entry as used by setting its last used time to the current time in nanoseconds .
Candidate: return a specified value to to the set of associated entry .

Sample 5110:
Reference: a service provided by the nesting beancontext has been revoked .
Candidate: a service provided by the nesting beancontext has been revoked .

Sample 5111:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 5112:
Reference: forward a srcpreply to all registered srcpinterface listeners .
Candidate: forward a <UNK> to all registered srcpinterface listeners .

Sample 5113:
Reference: if the pending count is nonzero atomically decrements it .
Candidate: if the pending count is nonzero atomically decrements it .

Sample 5114:
Reference: execute a solr api call through http
Candidate: execute a job command to use for the given command .

Sample 5115:
Reference: initiates a scan for all known barcode types with the specified camera .
Candidate: initiates a scan for all known barcode types with the specified camera .

Sample 5116:
Reference: initializes the buffers used for rendering with a new size .
Candidate: initializes the buffers used for rendering with a new size .

Sample 5117:
Reference: create a new client
Candidate: create a new client

Sample 5118:
Reference: add a unique attribute
Candidate: add a unique attribute

Sample 5119:
Reference: returns the number of seconds since the last time timerstring was called
Candidate: returns the number of seconds since the last time timerstring was called

Sample 5120:
Reference: gets error code based on exception class .
Candidate: returns with error code e . g . <UNK> method .

Sample 5121:
Reference: evaluates the trigger process data and creates the database entries required for the processes related to subscription modification or upgrade .
Candidate: evaluates the trigger process data and processes the database entries required for the processes related to <UNK> assignments .

Sample 5122:
Reference: returns true if the element has child element s with the given id .
Candidate: returns whether it has an element and identifies the element id .

Sample 5123:
Reference: this method is used to remove a proxy listener that has been registered by the extension .
Candidate: this method is used to remove a proxy listener that has been registered by the extension .

Sample 5124:
Reference: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .
Candidate: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .

Sample 5125:
Reference: sends the full status for a train to a client
Candidate: sends the full listener to the server .

Sample 5126:
Reference: creates default mosaic properties .
Candidate: creates a mosaic that conforms that .

Sample 5127:
Reference: computes time per each frame in this animation channel by dividing the duration by number of frames .
Candidate: computes the time zone s time that is the the elapsed time of the current time .

Sample 5128:
Reference: clears the output area .
Candidate: clears the text model the

Sample 5129:
Reference: return the next chunk from the iterator .
Candidate: a chunk iterator .

Sample 5130:
Reference: initialization of the servlet .
Candidate: initialization of the servlet .

Sample 5131:
Reference: put an indexed script
Candidate: put an email script

Sample 5132:
Reference: internal indicates that a cacheable annotation or cache element has already been processed for this descriptor .
Candidate: returns true if this object has a result of type false to be processed .

Sample 5133:
Reference: duplicates the input channel .
Candidate: registers an input stream which will be the input of the input channel .

Sample 5134:
Reference: returns the next pseudorandom uniformly distributed long value from this random number generator s sequence .
Candidate: returns the next pseudorandom uniformly distributed long value .

Sample 5135:
Reference: saves all settings of type boolean
Candidate: saves all the settings of the editor

Sample 5136:
Reference: returns all keys of cache
Candidate: returns all keys of cache

Sample 5137:
Reference: updates the state of this region instance .
Candidate: refreshes any information about to to this bridge server .

Sample 5138:
Reference: creates item layouts if necessary
Candidate: creates item layouts if necessary

Sample 5139:
Reference: check if the database is currently opening .
Candidate: returns whether the start service is starting or is .

Sample 5140:
Reference: gets character substring of uuid for terse logging .
Candidate: converts the given id id as a short string .

Sample 5141:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5142:
Reference: you have sold s .
Candidate: you have been sold to the .

Sample 5143:
Reference: notify any registered listeners that the action has been fired .
Candidate: notify the listener for action an action type to be invoked on the action .

Sample 5144:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the simple name feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the simple name feature .

Sample 5145:
Reference: add the word to the string builder wrapped in the proper characters to escape it .
Candidate: appends the type word to the type of the type .

Sample 5146:
Reference: translates the given input string and returns the translation converted into a string .
Candidate: translate a sentence to a single sentence using the specified base character .

Sample 5147:
Reference: a method to set how a left mouse button is interpreted .
Candidate: checks if the left mouse consistency for this node .

Sample 5148:
Reference: compute the changes that would be required to replace the old ports of this switch with the new ports
Candidate: compute the changes that would be required to replace the old ports of this switch with the new ports

Sample 5149:
Reference: checks whether a given attribute is defined .
Candidate: checks whether a given attribute is defined .

Sample 5150:
Reference: tells whether the user chose to save the changes in the panel to not save them or simply cancelled the selection in the tree .
Candidate: tells whether the user in the changes in the panel to save changes or cancelled selection selection in the tree .

Sample 5151:
Reference: is the given tree an enumerator definition ?
Candidate: is the given tree an enumerator definition ?

Sample 5152:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented xid trace for the the prototype .

Sample 5153:
Reference: method with param and exception
Candidate: method with param and exception

Sample 5154:
Reference: just like asserttrue b but additionally recording using threadrecordfailure any assertionfailederror thrown so that the current testcase will fail .
Candidate: just like asserttrue b but additionally recording using threadrecordfailure any assertionfailederror thrown so that the current testcase will fail .

Sample 5155:
Reference: convenience method to cast an object to an omgraphic if it is one .
Candidate: convenience method to cast an object to an omgraphic if it is one .

Sample 5156:
Reference: adds page to the end of document .
Candidate: inserts page to the document .

Sample 5157:
Reference: this is called from the parser on successful message processing .
Candidate: this is called from the parser on successful message processing .

Sample 5158:
Reference: compares a date with a boolean
Candidate: compares a date with a boolean

Sample 5159:
Reference: check if there is any connectivity to a wifi network
Candidate: check if there is any connectivity to a wifi network

Sample 5160:
Reference: starts execution of all the registered continuous queries for this client .
Candidate: starts execution of all the continuous queries continuous queries for this client .

Sample 5161:
Reference: get a cloned iterator that is reset to the beginning of the query .
Candidate: get a cloned iterator that is reset to the beginning of the query .

Sample 5162:
Reference: same as adddata list t but for when data is manually added to the adapter
Candidate: when data is only when when the data load is changed on the hierarchy

Sample 5163:
Reference: convenience method to load an etc texture whether or not the active opengl context supports the etc texture compression format .
Candidate: load the texture with the given target unit and optionally places the <UNK> .

Sample 5164:
Reference: causes this element to end the local timeline subject to sync constraints .
Candidate: end this object to the end .

Sample 5165:
Reference: notifies all attached listeners that the visual trace is complete .
Candidate: finishes the actual listeners for a non breakpoint listener .

Sample 5166:
Reference: signs the bytes with the specified key using the underlying signature or mac algorithm .
Candidate: signs the passed in the specified key using the specified parameters .

Sample 5167:
Reference: returns the path to request like the in get http . .
Candidate: returns the path to request like the in get http . .

Sample 5168:
Reference: assigns a uniqe id to every node in the tree .
Candidate: assigns unique ids to all nodes in the tree

Sample 5169:
Reference: this function is called when the description of existing breakpoints has been changed .
Candidate: this method is called when existing breakpoints have changed from the given breakpoint .

Sample 5170:
Reference: create an empty file in this temporary folder .
Candidate: creates a file of and create a file .

Sample 5171:
Reference: finalizes the equals method
Candidate: finalizes the equals method

Sample 5172:
Reference: checks if xmldog is working in the detailed mode .
Candidate: indicates whether this client is a valid mode mode .

Sample 5173:
Reference: skillcaster has boosted skilltarget s hp by using skillname .
Candidate: skillcaster exchanged skilltarget s hp by using skillname .

Sample 5174:
Reference: notified when a swipe occurs .
Candidate: notified when a swipe occurs .

Sample 5175:
Reference: get the based index of this position in the content character array .
Candidate: gets the index of this method to be recorded .

Sample 5176:
Reference: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience
Candidate: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience

Sample 5177:
Reference: right inner join on the type
Candidate: right inner join on the type

Sample 5178:
Reference: searches without the need for an extra count query .
Candidate: find without the need for an extra count query .

Sample 5179:
Reference: cleans up the object when it s destroyed .
Candidate: cleans up the object when it s destroyed .

Sample 5180:
Reference: disconnects the current socket from the server client on the other side
Candidate: called by the following engine to receive a connection .

Sample 5181:
Reference: removes the item with at a specific index from the bottom sheet .
Candidate: removes an item from the the list for the specified view .

Sample 5182:
Reference: returns true if this sipuri is secure i . e .
Candidate: returns true if this sipuri is secure i . e .

Sample 5183:
Reference: sets the id for the collectiontimeline .
Candidate: specifies the id of the specified request to the usertimeline .

Sample 5184:
Reference: calls resultset . next without throwing an exception errors are just logged and ignored .
Candidate: the the result set of the objects to be useful for accessing the .

Sample 5185:
Reference: closes the underlying rrd file .
Candidate: closes closes the output if the generation finishes .

Sample 5186:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 5187:
Reference: propagate unchecked exceptions and errors but wrap anything checked and throw that instead .
Candidate: propagate unchecked exceptions and throw errors but wrap anything checked and anything that instead .

Sample 5188:
Reference: debugging method to ensure that all min max are properly set in the tree .
Candidate: validates the log state of a particular block and returns an error .

Sample 5189:
Reference: close any resources used by this listener .
Candidate: close any resources associated with this policy .

Sample 5190:
Reference: log the results of the modeling
Candidate: logs the result to include all the analysis result and add the <UNK> .

Sample 5191:
Reference: called when the uri has been modified .
Candidate: called when the uri has been modified .

Sample 5192:
Reference: perform any periodic cleanup tasks that might need to be performed .
Candidate: perform any periodic cleanup tasks that might need to be performed .

Sample 5193:
Reference: creates a deferred takewhile iterable for the specified iterable using the specified predicate .
Candidate: creates a deferred iterable iterable for the current iterable .

Sample 5194:
Reference: if the query succeeded call this .
Candidate: notify the associated javascript onsuccess callback that the query has completed successfully .

Sample 5195:
Reference: restore the consist to the command station .
Candidate: restores the saved state if possible .

Sample 5196:
Reference: add a signer no attributes other than the default ones will be provided here .
Candidate: add a signer no attributes other than the default ones will be provided here .

Sample 5197:
Reference: find finds the int name of the set containing a given element .
Candidate: linearly interpolates from the given .

Sample 5198:
Reference: answers if the handle is a file or a folder handle .
Candidate: tests whether this virtualfile is a folder .

Sample 5199:
Reference: handles a checked exception
Candidate: an method to invoke an exception if the exception is received .

Sample 5200:
Reference: shows the apps view .
Candidate: shows the all apps view .

Sample 5201:
Reference: find the child node just after an internal node .
Candidate: find the child node just after an internal node .

Sample 5202:
Reference: delete a pub sub subscription .
Candidate: delete a topic of delete subscription .

Sample 5203:
Reference: checks if a heading miscellaneous should be added .
Candidate: check if the map should be included in the list of schemas .

Sample 5204:
Reference: adds the double value to the end of this array .
Candidate: adds the double value to the end of this array .

Sample 5205:
Reference: adds the given panel positioned under the root node and in alphabetic order .
Candidate: add a policy panel to the mapbean with the given title panel and overwrite the .

Sample 5206:
Reference: method that displays the map after gaining read contacts permission from the user .
Candidate: display the url input in accordance with the <UNK> .

Sample 5207:
Reference: returns a string describing this saver .
Candidate: returns a string describing this filter

Sample 5208:
Reference: scans for nearby peripherals no timeout and fills the mscannedperipherals arraylist .
Candidate: scans for nearby peripherals and fills the <UNK> list

Sample 5209:
Reference: gets authenticated node subject .
Candidate: gets subject subject based on subject id .

Sample 5210:
Reference: look for p q state rules between vertices and their relationships .
Candidate: analyze and extend the network .

Sample 5211:
Reference: detach all of its children
Candidate: stops all the parent level to be covered by this node .

Sample 5212:
Reference: called when the plusclient is successfully connected .
Candidate: called when we want to load a client connection .

Sample 5213:
Reference: gets the length of the glyph within the ebdt table .
Candidate: return the length of the data in the data data for the specified glyph id .

Sample 5214:
Reference: return true if the region contains the specified point
Candidate: determines whether this board contains the specified coords .

Sample 5215:
Reference: returns an iterator to the menuitems it holds .
Candidate: get an iterator menu item menu item to menu item .

Sample 5216:
Reference: this method can be used to send an http request to the burp scanner tool to perform a passive vulnerability scan .
Candidate: this method can be used to send an http request to the burp scanner tool to perform a passive vulnerability scan .

Sample 5217:
Reference: file transfer has been resumed
Candidate: called when the transfer is a transfer or not

Sample 5218:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5219:
Reference: call it before each randomization to unset all template use .
Candidate: reset the <UNK> to the <UNK> state of the process manager

Sample 5220:
Reference: determines whether the given defuse reads or writes the same variable as this defuse
Candidate: check whether this variable is a variable type to this neuron methods .

Sample 5221:
Reference: is this property ordered ?
Candidate: returns whether this pipeline if a terminal operation were to be executed would execute in parallel .

Sample 5222:
Reference: reads the next object from the source stream .
Candidate: reads the next object from the source stream .

Sample 5223:
Reference: arranges the contents of the block with no constraints and returns the block size .
Candidate: arranges the contents of the block within the constraints and returns the block size .

Sample 5224:
Reference: animate in the scrim as the quickactionview shows
Candidate: animate the called if the sub activity is located in the view .

Sample 5225:
Reference: returns a new searcher instance .
Candidate: return a suffix and only searcher to the <UNK> .

Sample 5226:
Reference: the time duration which last version check expires .
Candidate: the update and filecache .

Sample 5227:
Reference: tries to smoothen the end corners of this trace which are at a fork with other traces .
Candidate: gets if the vertex is already <UNK> or not the the movement list .

Sample 5228:
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .

Sample 5229:
Reference: creates a collection promise from this promise .
Candidate: returns an unmodifiable collection of subscriber that will be the same type .

Sample 5230:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5231:
Reference: create or reuse existing eventstream instance representing that event filter .
Candidate: here the filter is accepting a filter .

Sample 5232:
Reference: decompress a buffer .
Candidate: decodes the provided buffer size of this packet input stream .

Sample 5233:
Reference: gets the value of the mustunderstand property .
Candidate: gets the value of the mustunderstand property .

Sample 5234:
Reference: wait until the client has connected and then send the data to him .
Candidate: send a byte to the closes the connection .

Sample 5235:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 5236:
Reference: log a message at the debug level .
Candidate: log a debug message .

Sample 5237:
Reference: shortcut for path path equal value .
Candidate: shortcut for path to create path or object .

Sample 5238:
Reference: complete operation when target service for the given path becomes available in node group
Candidate: register a <UNK> process id based on the host name and

Sample 5239:
Reference: returns whether the debug output is enabled .
Candidate: indicates whether the debug is enabled for the debug client .

Sample 5240:
Reference: specifies a custom comparator function to order tags .
Candidate: specifies the custom comparator function to be used by the <UNK> .

Sample 5241:
Reference: performs button related actions during a touch down event .
Candidate: performs the action to perform the mouse button or pressed all the the event is moved .

Sample 5242:
Reference: update the cache with this binder
Candidate: register an annotation and to the given annotation type and also replacing any branches for the given annotation .

Sample 5243:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5244:
Reference: removes the specified preference if it exists .
Candidate: removes the specified preference if it exists .

Sample 5245:
Reference: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 5246:
Reference: adds the given rgb values as offsets to the current color .
Candidate: <UNK> the brightness in the rgb data for a given argb value .

Sample 5247:
Reference: checks whether the ageend field has been set .
Candidate: checks whether the whether field has been set for the explicit field

Sample 5248:
Reference: returns true if any media is playing
Candidate: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .

Sample 5249:
Reference: remove a node from cluster .
Candidate: remove a mapping from the <UNK> .

Sample 5250:
Reference: flush a chunk to persistent memory .
Candidate: flush a chunk to persistent memory .

Sample 5251:
Reference: closes this stream and releases any system resources associated with it .
Candidate: close the serial stream .

Sample 5252:
Reference: executes the create command .
Candidate: execute the command line telling .

Sample 5253:
Reference: determines if this audiofactory attenuates sources based on their distance from the listener
Candidate: returns whether if we need to compute the distance <UNK> .

Sample 5254:
Reference: return true if this is ignorablewhitespace .
Candidate: indicates if the user is pointing to be white space

Sample 5255:
Reference: checks if the content is a pi content .
Candidate: this method is used to determine if a new engine has been received .

Sample 5256:
Reference: sets the index names to lookup the terms from .
Candidate: sets the index of to be snapshotted

Sample 5257:
Reference: returns true if there were errors while reading tokens .
Candidate: return true if there are any diagnosed proper errors false otherwise .

Sample 5258:
Reference: called when the user release the touch after than he touched the path .
Candidate: called when the user has been set to the user .

Sample 5259:
Reference: logic to run when a span gets continued
Candidate: logs the provided message and usually out of band usually .

Sample 5260:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 5261:
Reference: creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field .
Candidate: creates and persists a new for objects to an appropriate field .

Sample 5262:
Reference: put entry to cache store .
Candidate: put an entry to the store .

Sample 5263:
Reference: merges the given map with this configobject overriding any matching configuration entries in this configobject
Candidate: merges the mappings stored into this map and merge all of this object .

Sample 5264:
Reference: do whatever is needed when a backup is started .
Candidate: called when the backup is finished to the remote server .

Sample 5265:
Reference: returns new builder of item meta data based on given one .
Candidate: returns new builder of item meta data .

Sample 5266:
Reference: add a collection of tokens to the list applying tostring to each .
Candidate: add the specified values to the default list to the default list

Sample 5267:
Reference: writes data on the store .
Candidate: allocate a block of the allocation context .

Sample 5268:
Reference: trims the capacity to current size
Candidate: trims the capacity of current size

Sample 5269:
Reference: dumps detailed information about all databases used by the process .
Candidate: dumps detailed information about all databases used by the process .

Sample 5270:
Reference: get the length of the list .
Candidate: get the length of the list .

Sample 5271:
Reference: gets the number of items in the queue .
Candidate: returns the number of elements value mappings in this map .

Sample 5272:
Reference: displays the message inside gemfire shell at severe level .
Candidate: print the message inside the shell at error level .

Sample 5273:
Reference: handle click on run process button .
Candidate: gets called when the user clicks on the process button .

Sample 5274:
Reference: send a message to a player unless that is postman
Candidate: create an <UNK> notifying the the channel listener .

Sample 5275:
Reference: assert that the session has not ended .
Candidate: validate the calling of the top of the stream .

Sample 5276:
Reference: eats the current token asserting its type .
Candidate: determine the display of a string type .

Sample 5277:
Reference: a player revealed a card and we notify the user
Candidate: is the <UNK> to and returns the id of <UNK>

Sample 5278:
Reference: the following methods correspond to the multibuffering methods in x componentpeer . java . . .
Candidate: creates a new double buffer for the given image and returns the number of <UNK> .

Sample 5279:
Reference: returns the online status of the base .
Candidate: returns true of the peer is reachable online false otherwise

Sample 5280:
Reference: deletes a type instance comment .
Candidate: deletes a type of comment from the database .

Sample 5281:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5282:
Reference: try to translate the given message in with this bundle in the default context .
Candidate: translate the given message in the given context with this bundle .

Sample 5283:
Reference: when big icon pressed
Candidate: when big icon pressed

Sample 5284:
Reference: implements standard equals semantics as mandated by object .
Candidate: compare the bindings of two predicates for equality .

Sample 5285:
Reference: appends a request interceptor to this list .
Candidate: appends a request interceptor to this list .

Sample 5286:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 5287:
Reference: matches a double .
Candidate: matches a double .

Sample 5288:
Reference: returns true if the item at the specified offset of the specified partition is selectable and clickable .
Candidate: returns true if the item at the specified offset of the specified partition is selectable and

Sample 5289:
Reference: initializes this keyboardevent object .
Candidate: initializes this svgomwheelevent object .

Sample 5290:
Reference: adds the string to the digest using a utf encoding .
Candidate: adds the key to the digest a a partial .

Sample 5291:
Reference: return true if matches are required to be in order .
Candidate: determines whether the not this is in in order traversal .

Sample 5292:
Reference: install multidex in debug application .
Candidate: install in <UNK> in debug mode .

Sample 5293:
Reference: adds input for the preprocessor .
Candidate: adds an input to to the list .

Sample 5294:
Reference: changes to the init state .
Candidate: this the the to be the generics in milliseconds .

Sample 5295:
Reference: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .
Candidate: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .

Sample 5296:
Reference: returns true if this version is the same or after the version from the argument .
Candidate: indicates if the given is already has been compiled before the specified name .

Sample 5297:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 5298:
Reference: add an owner component .
Candidate: add a principal to the owner .

Sample 5299:
Reference: invoked when an error has ocurred with a transaction .
Candidate: invoked when an error has ocurred with a transaction .

Sample 5300:
Reference: removes the method from the sets .
Candidate: removes a method into a non null method list .

Sample 5301:
Reference: gets the value of the askforpassword property .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 5302:
Reference: define the predicate used to filter the list inside the itemfilter
Candidate: define the filter to the predicate list

Sample 5303:
Reference: returns all charges associated with a given loan product
Candidate: contexts que obtiene las unidades documentales al que pertenece ver filter por el parametro

Sample 5304:
Reference: dismiss the popup window .
Candidate: dismiss the popup window .

Sample 5305:
Reference: determines whether savepoints for transactions are supported .
Candidate: determines whether savepoints for transactions are supported .

Sample 5306:
Reference: returns the proper move instruction for the given source spec and destination index .
Candidate: just an <UNK> block for the given offset and returns it as a template .

Sample 5307:
Reference: a convenience helper method allowing calling the readline method without providing a nothing .
Candidate: a convenience helper helper method allowing calling the readline method without providing a nothing .

Sample 5308:
Reference: creates the paint object for drawing the translucent overlay outside the crop window .
Candidate: creates the paint object for drawing the translucent overlay outside the crop window .

Sample 5309:
Reference: blocks the specified endpoint .
Candidate: blocks the specified endpoint .

Sample 5310:
Reference: insert a handler to the beginning of the stack .
Candidate: insert a handler for a new class .

Sample 5311:
Reference: encodes binary data using the base algorithm and chunks the encoded output into character blocks
Candidate: encodes binary data using the base algorithm and chunks the encoded output into character blocks

Sample 5312:
Reference: supplies the logic to reduce on how to combine two r objects
Candidate: combine the background points to a non privileged node .

Sample 5313:
Reference: adds the given listener
Candidate: add a new change listener to the current listener of the current changed listener .

Sample 5314:
Reference: create a service discovery request .
Candidate: create a service discovery request .

Sample 5315:
Reference: show something with default message
Candidate: operate the message dialog show it and manage user actions .

Sample 5316:
Reference: copies all of the attribute name value mappings from the specified attributes to this map .
Candidate: copies all of the attribute name value mappings from the specified attributes to this map .

Sample 5317:
Reference: returns a string representation of the given annotation value suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the given annotation value suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .

Sample 5318:
Reference: synchs this button s enabled with table s enabled .
Candidate: updates the gui bar s state or not

Sample 5319:
Reference: returns the length of the year .
Candidate: returns the length of the year .

Sample 5320:
Reference: allow derived classes to decide how to turn the object into xml text
Candidate: allow derived classes to decide how to decide the object into into text

Sample 5321:
Reference: creates a new connection tab .
Candidate: creates a new connection tab .

Sample 5322:
Reference: singleton with init would be good for unit test as well and it ensures that initialization happens only once before you use it .
Candidate: initialize the global settings in the framework that will be called before the global framework

Sample 5323:
Reference: init cluster instance with the given seed members and join cluster synchronously .
Candidate: init cluster instance with the given and seed members and join cluster synchronously .

Sample 5324:
Reference: checks if a component type exists in this provider .
Candidate: determine whether the given type is present on the stream .

Sample 5325:
Reference: remove the item with the given identifier .
Candidate: removes the item with the given identifier .

Sample 5326:
Reference: overrides e . g .
Candidate: method called to add an annotation to the map .

Sample 5327:
Reference: return the next element if present while moving the position in the history as well .
Candidate: get the element forward an element after the default position after changing the default position .

Sample 5328:
Reference: helper function which may be used when implementing fragmentpageradapter
Candidate: helper function which may be used when implementing fragmentpageradapter

Sample 5329:
Reference: compute the vector union size .
Candidate: return the number of vectors of a bit vector .

Sample 5330:
Reference: gets status of queue .
Candidate: gets status of atomic .

Sample 5331:
Reference: remove all the step handlers that have been added to the integrator .
Candidate: remove all the step handlers that have been added to the integrator .

Sample 5332:
Reference: gets bytes of datagram and loads into a new one .
Candidate: loads an image of binary file using the same type as needed .

Sample 5333:
Reference: create a router from a list of rules .
Candidate: creates a new rule from the given elements .

Sample 5334:
Reference: start a get request to the given url along with the query params
Candidate: start a get request to the given url along with the query params

Sample 5335:
Reference: get the current state of this relay .
Candidate: returns the current session state .

Sample 5336:
Reference: called when the topic of a group is changed .
Candidate: called when the incoming group has been changed .

Sample 5337:
Reference: this method should ensure the new store separates the exported elements from the main storage .
Candidate: creates a specific <UNK> instance which should be the same properties in the <UNK> .

Sample 5338:
Reference: get the negate status of the expression .
Candidate: gets the value of the property property .

Sample 5339:
Reference: legacy alias for copywith .
Candidate: legacy every time by applying a change .

Sample 5340:
Reference: remove the sub tree from the given node from the taxonomy .
Candidate: remove a sub tree from the subtree rooted from the last root node

Sample 5341:
Reference: perform scalar multiplication and return a new vector .
Candidate: perform scalar multiplication and return a new vector .

Sample 5342:
Reference: return whether or not details about the given product are available .
Candidate: return whether or not details about the given product are available .

Sample 5343:
Reference: unsynchronized audit . . . only run after activity has ceased .
Candidate: creates out audit master is currently in the cloud .

Sample 5344:
Reference: variance of the offset distribution
Candidate: variance of the distribution

Sample 5345:
Reference: converts an ordinal into a column .
Candidate: converts an ordinal into a column .

Sample 5346:
Reference: record command within a transaction
Candidate: runs the instance created in the database .

Sample 5347:
Reference: create a new bigdata instance using the specified options .
Candidate: create a new bigdata instance using the specified options .

Sample 5348:
Reference: the main entry point into appletviewer .
Candidate: main method to run this launcher from the command line .

Sample 5349:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5350:
Reference: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .
Candidate: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .

Sample 5351:
Reference: appends a tag that inserts a single carriage return .
Candidate: appends a tag that indicates the end of the html tag .

Sample 5352:
Reference: method invokes when project explorer part should initialize and load project to display it .
Candidate: called when the user is about to load .

Sample 5353:
Reference: checks if a value is within a range min max specified in the vars attribute .
Candidate: checks if a value is within a range min max specified in the vars attribute .

Sample 5354:
Reference: this checks that everything is valid and unchanged from the digest listed in the manifest next to the name .
Candidate: verifies the validity in the input stream before last time .

Sample 5355:
Reference: deletes all notifications for the given alert id .
Candidate: deletes an alarm for its notifications and the specified id .

Sample 5356:
Reference: resets the values for the next cluster search .
Candidate: resets all instances of the row to begin .

Sample 5357:
Reference: notify data source loaded .
Candidate: notify data source loaded .

Sample 5358:
Reference: creates a file on drive
Candidate: creates a file on drive

Sample 5359:
Reference: append an int value .
Candidate: append an int value .

Sample 5360:
Reference: add an actionlistener for events that trigger events to shift the projection stack .
Candidate: add an actionlistener for events that trigger events to shift the undo stack stack .

Sample 5361:
Reference: creates and starts a new stopwatch using the specified time source .
Candidate: creates and starts a new stopwatch using the specified time source .

Sample 5362:
Reference: contains user eof code which will be executed exactly once when the end of file is reached
Candidate: contains user eof code which will be executed exactly once when the end of file is reached

Sample 5363:
Reference: if it lets fibre signals into the block p this is just informative so that machines know if their redstone input is blocked or not
Candidate: if it lets rs signals into the block afluid can connect to not .

Sample 5364:
Reference: discover the meaning of the word including the filter .
Candidate: self api discover the meaning of the word including the filter .

Sample 5365:
Reference: removes task from scheduler .
Candidate: as stop and process the task

Sample 5366:
Reference: indicates whether the system should ignore data which has not been approved in analytics tables .
Candidate: checks if the level is enabled highlighted by the total number of features .

Sample 5367:
Reference: remove any existing value for the specified attribute name .
Candidate: removes an attribute attribute .

Sample 5368:
Reference: parses a heapconfig from a byte array containing a protocol buffers serialized format .
Candidate: parses a protocol from a protocol buffers .

Sample 5369:
Reference: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 5370:
Reference: validates the project view .
Candidate: validates the project .

Sample 5371:
Reference: write a string value in the registry
Candidate: write a json string to the specified key and can be using the specified encoding .

Sample 5372:
Reference: adds the specified cookie to the response .
Candidate: add a cookie in request to request .

Sample 5373:
Reference: create a groupmatcher that matches job groups starting with the given string .
Candidate: create a groupmatcher that matches job groups in the given string .

Sample 5374:
Reference: main method allows us to run as a standalone demo .
Candidate: main method allows us to run a a standalone demo .

Sample 5375:
Reference: allows the mainactivity to delegate setting of the toolbar title and menu
Candidate: requests the menu s item to a time .

Sample 5376:
Reference: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array .
Candidate: performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array .

Sample 5377:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a root object from the catalog and

Sample 5378:
Reference: longest single n block
Candidate: get the unique hash block of the block s bytes .

Sample 5379:
Reference: returns the column at columnindex based
Candidate: returns the column at columnindex based

Sample 5380:
Reference: creates the layout manager used to set the tab s bounds .
Candidate: create layout manager to look up the tabs .

Sample 5381:
Reference: perform updates if added documents already exist ?
Candidate: updates the hash value .

Sample 5382:
Reference: unregisters an asynchronoussteppable from the asynchronous registry .
Candidate: removes a job from the thread list .

Sample 5383:
Reference: method to update consistencygroup read only state must match args of updateconsistencygroupreadonlystate except stepid
Candidate: if the workflow method to update the existing cg for the indicated volumes .

Sample 5384:
Reference: adjusts the frame duration array to respect logic for minimum frame duration time .
Candidate: adjusts the frame duration array to logic for an frame if many frame have been drawn .

Sample 5385:
Reference: get the length of nd dimension
Candidate: get the length of nd dimension array

Sample 5386:
Reference: validates the destination storage .
Candidate: validates the destination storage .

Sample 5387:
Reference: needs a load animation .
Candidate: needs a load animation .

Sample 5388:
Reference: handles a mouse released event .
Candidate: handles a mouse released event .

Sample 5389:
Reference: removes an instruction from use and def lists .
Candidate: called in the local implementations that the <UNK> is removed from the list .

Sample 5390:
Reference: returns the binding state of the serversocket .
Candidate: returns the binding state of the serversocket .

Sample 5391:
Reference: generate a default free rtp port number
Candidate: generate a default free rtp port number

Sample 5392:
Reference: hashes a string with sha
Candidate: returns this sha string of

Sample 5393:
Reference: get all the response headers
Candidate: get all the response headers

Sample 5394:
Reference: searches for a parameter value that is defined as a static constant in this class .
Candidate: searches for a parameter value that is defined as a static constant in this class .

Sample 5395:
Reference: you boosted your accuracy by using skillname .
Candidate: you received your boost recovery time by using skillname .

Sample 5396:
Reference: allocates a dynamic capacity buffer with the given initial capacity .
Candidate: allocates a new instance of its underlying data .

Sample 5397:
Reference: puts a double into this sink .
Candidate: puts a double into this sink .

Sample 5398:
Reference: applys the filters specified by filterids
Candidate: transform the filters to the trees rooted with the filter .

Sample 5399:
Reference: start the service .
Candidate: start the service .

Sample 5400:
Reference: add the given polynomial to this polynomial overwrite this .
Candidate: adds this sum of this polynomial and the sum of the polynomial .

Sample 5401:
Reference: determine the vm specific key for a given option name .
Candidate: compute the square key to a a element containing the certificate element .

Sample 5402:
Reference: starts underlying network advertising and discovery .
Candidate: starts the service checker to see if messages are due for publishing see the isreadytopublish method .

Sample 5403:
Reference: part of the interface where the editorlayer can provide components that are available via the maphandler beancontext .
Candidate: maphandlerchild method is called by default implementation when they have been found using the maphandler beancontext .

Sample 5404:
Reference: sends a write memory request to the debug client .
Candidate: sends a write memory to the address memory .

Sample 5405:
Reference: clears the current topology .
Candidate: clears the current topology .

Sample 5406:
Reference: refreshes the storage for the given host .
Candidate: refreshes storage storage for the cluster .

Sample 5407:
Reference: optional sets the url of the result
Candidate: optional sets the resulting to the result

Sample 5408:
Reference: save the image to a file
Candidate: save the settings to a file

Sample 5409:
Reference: simple error for asserts and the like .
Candidate: simple error for asserts and the like .

Sample 5410:
Reference: returns true if field modulecode is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field modulecode is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 5411:
Reference: increases the quantity an item was harvested
Candidate: increases the quantity of the given item for this playerlooteditemshandler s player

Sample 5412:
Reference: returns the incomplete element s name .
Candidate: returns the incomplete element s name .

Sample 5413:
Reference: fn createrotate brief creates a rotation matrix based on v param v vec euler radians
Candidate: creates a brief copy of negated matrix along with the current vec s

Sample 5414:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 5415:
Reference: add a new acl rule
Candidate: add a new acl rule .

Sample 5416:
Reference: asynchronously sending reset to the socket output channel .
Candidate: resets the cursor to to the <UNK> that is completed .

Sample 5417:
Reference: resets this matcher and sets a region .
Candidate: resets this matcher and sets a region .

Sample 5418:
Reference: update the nested query post agg names if they are not of the type constant .
Candidate: updates the query of query that should be called before the same range of time .

Sample 5419:
Reference: get the null string value .
Candidate: get the null string value .

Sample 5420:
Reference: add listener to listener list
Candidate: adds a listener to listeners

Sample 5421:
Reference: returns true if cache is used
Candidate: determines whether the cache is enabled for the cache .

Sample 5422:
Reference: restore a volume mirror .
Candidate: restore volume mirror from a snapshot

Sample 5423:
Reference: reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a time object
Candidate: reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a date

Sample 5424:
Reference: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 5425:
Reference: creates the default cumulative probability test expected values
Candidate: creates the default cumulative probability density test expected values

Sample 5426:
Reference: adds a new element to the input
Candidate: adds a new element to the input

Sample 5427:
Reference: deleting a file on largedire is an asynchronous process .
Candidate: validate the <UNK> to see if the <UNK> file is not allowed .

Sample 5428:
Reference: determine equals via equivalence of state .
Candidate: check equals for this node is valid been valid so the undo is valid .

Sample 5429:
Reference: remove the object associated with the given key from the store .
Candidate: deletes a particular key from the cache .

Sample 5430:
Reference: add a camera to the world .
Candidate: add the camera to the world away .

Sample 5431:
Reference: create a pointer out of a native memory address
Candidate: create a pointer out of a native memory address

Sample 5432:
Reference: clear the dirty tag
Candidate: clear the dirty tag

Sample 5433:
Reference: creates a string representation of the element .
Candidate: creates a string representation of the element .

Sample 5434:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5435:
Reference: returns a new fsdirectory instance over the given file which must be a folder .
Candidate: returns a new fsdirectory instance over the given file path and element .

Sample 5436:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5437:
Reference: return the mapped server url if there is a site .
Candidate: maps a remote server to a remote host and returns the id of service .

Sample 5438:
Reference: gets topology version or in case of topology version is not required for this message .
Candidate: gets this topology topology version and store results to the given hash version .

Sample 5439:
Reference: returns true if o is a non role object .
Candidate: returns true if o is a non role object .

Sample 5440:
Reference: updates the list model to display all of the current components with skinspecifications .
Candidate: populate the metrics in the list and remove all changes .

Sample 5441:
Reference: extend the array to support at least the specified size .
Candidate: selects the array to support at least the specified size .

Sample 5442:
Reference: removes all input and output relations to the node
Candidate: removes all the relations from a node .

Sample 5443:
Reference: return interval range as a list
Candidate: extracts the <UNK> list which can be used to start the range of the . interval .

Sample 5444:
Reference: method to make post request
Candidate: method to make post request

Sample 5445:
Reference: write data to descriptor
Candidate: write data from descriptor

Sample 5446:
Reference: removes a listener for events that are run when keys are added .
Candidate: removes a listener for when are run when keys are added .

Sample 5447:
Reference: select list with regex default group is group
Candidate: splits by this group

Sample 5448:
Reference: add the neighbors to a dbid set
Candidate: get a forward a descendant of the given objects .

Sample 5449:
Reference: remove a row key column key value mapping if present .
Candidate: remove a row key column key value mapping if present .

Sample 5450:
Reference: used for when a redstone spreader gets a pulse .
Candidate: called when the tick of a non redstone spreader .

Sample 5451:
Reference: returns true if query cache enabled
Candidate: determines if the cache is enabled on the cache .

Sample 5452:
Reference: parse the properties from the provided string containing a raw properties
Candidate: extract the properties of the file property

Sample 5453:
Reference: returns true if the object is mutable
Candidate: returns true if the object is mutable

Sample 5454:
Reference: returns the standard input stream .
Candidate: returns the length of the input stream for reading .

Sample 5455:
Reference: calculates a custom drop location for the text component representing where a drop at the given point should insert data .
Candidate: invoked when the user wants to drop a grid view .

Sample 5456:
Reference: finds audits for a given entity object .
Candidate: finds audits for a given entity object .

Sample 5457:
Reference: resets encoder to state when newly constructed .
Candidate: resets the buffer to the size of the buffer and .

Sample 5458:
Reference: compares two file objects and return true if they represent the same canonical file zip file entry or entry in any file system based container .
Candidate: compares two file objects and return true if they represent the same underlying object .

Sample 5459:
Reference: adds to the size of the stack .
Candidate: adds a stack amount to this stack .

Sample 5460:
Reference: report sequence in human readable unpacked format
Candidate: converts a byte array into a string ascii encoding

Sample 5461:
Reference: check if a bionic stat with a given name exists in the matter overdrive bionic stat registry
Candidate: indicates whether the given name has a better type with the given name .

Sample 5462:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 5463:
Reference: updates the physics world by removing all pending bodies .
Candidate: updates the current state from the full state .

Sample 5464:
Reference: write a stream of ascii characters into the output stream .
Candidate: write a stream of ascii characters into the output stream .

Sample 5465:
Reference: asynchronous variant of executequery .
Candidate: asynchronous variant of executequery .

Sample 5466:
Reference: return argument i as a java object if it is a userdata whose instance class c or a subclass or null .
Candidate: return argument i as a java object if a userdata or null .

Sample 5467:
Reference: queue the task in the queue with the provided id
Candidate: tells a task to the <UNK> it it is a pointer to the given task .

Sample 5468:
Reference: should objects be created on server ?
Candidate: get server process .

Sample 5469:
Reference: this method checks if the actual condition is met for the given value .
Candidate: checks if the script is have the specified javascript value .

Sample 5470:
Reference: adds the given test cases to the test suite .
Candidate: add all entries in the test collection to this test .

Sample 5471:
Reference: contexts typerefwithoutmodifiers returns thistyperefnominal constraint dynamic ? ?
Candidate: contexts typerefwithoutmodifiers returns thistyperefnominal constraint dynamic ? ?

Sample 5472:
Reference: stops all existing streams .
Candidate: stops the service . .

Sample 5473:
Reference: if specified returns tweets with generated before the given date .
Candidate: sets the query that the recurrence stops .

Sample 5474:
Reference: returns true iff this dockable contains more than one component
Candidate: returns whether the tab has ever to handle the tab .

Sample 5475:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 5476:
Reference: called when this plugin is enabled
Candidate: called when this plugin is enabled .

Sample 5477:
Reference: true iff they are the same object or have the same start timestamp .
Candidate: test whether a <UNK> is a valid range .

Sample 5478:
Reference: encodes hash value as singledigest data structure .
Candidate: retrieves the data digest from a byte stream of an encoded hash asn .

Sample 5479:
Reference: checks if the item is available in the cache .
Candidate: checks if the item is available in the cache .

Sample 5480:
Reference: adds a float at the end of the array .
Candidate: adds a float at the end of the array .

Sample 5481:
Reference: returns true if there are more bytes to read in the buffer .
Candidate: determine if there are more value to be read .

Sample 5482:
Reference: writes the resulting image to a destination .
Candidate: writes the thumbnail to the destination .

Sample 5483:
Reference: prints a message at assert priority .
Candidate: prints a message at assert priority .

Sample 5484:
Reference: forces the rationale to be shown first before requesting any permissions .
Candidate: sets the <UNK> to show the popup controls if needed .

Sample 5485:
Reference: add a reference line corresponding to the supplied reader
Candidate: adds a child to the list of docs for the input sequences .

Sample 5486:
Reference: is the response code a ok ?
Candidate: is the response code a ok ?

Sample 5487:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 5488:
Reference: removes the specified component from this layout .
Candidate: removes the specified component from this layout .

Sample 5489:
Reference: create a new array using the specified array factory and copy the elements into it .
Candidate: create a new array using the specified array factory and copy the elements into it .

Sample 5490:
Reference: draws the first pass shape .
Candidate: draws a first shape by the <UNK> to to the right color .

Sample 5491:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5492:
Reference: handles the fling gesture .
Candidate: called when the user drags the mouse gesture has been changed .

Sample 5493:
Reference: customize dialog to be overwritten by concrete classes
Candidate: customize dialog to be overwritten by concrete classes

Sample 5494:
Reference: adds a bcc blind carbon copy recipients to the email that is being built .
Candidate: adds bcc blind carbon copy of the email that is being built .

Sample 5495:
Reference: returns true if the specified character is a supplemental character .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is a supplemental character .

Sample 5496:
Reference: applies the greater than or equal to condition
Candidate: applies the greater than or equal to condition

Sample 5497:
Reference: write ical to file
Candidate: write out the data to file .

Sample 5498:
Reference: changes the x value from the target view s current value to the end value
Candidate: changes the y value to the specified value to the end value

Sample 5499:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5500:
Reference: starts sending appendentries requests to all cluster members .
Candidate: start the the timer .

Sample 5501:
Reference: checks if is watched .
Candidate: checks if is watched .

Sample 5502:
Reference: validates if the jwt session cookie is valid and the idle timeout or max life has expired .
Candidate: validates the old message was copied by the <UNK> of the <UNK> with null and max value .

Sample 5503:
Reference: stop using gps listener calling this function will stop using gps in your app
Candidate: stop using gps listener calling this method will stop using gps in your app

Sample 5504:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5505:
Reference: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .
Candidate: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .

Sample 5506:
Reference: get sales transaction .
Candidate: get sales transaction .

Sample 5507:
Reference: removes all key value mappings from this sparsebytearray .
Candidate: removes all key value mappings from this sparsefloatarray .

Sample 5508:
Reference: this method gets called when the device responds with an answer to the firmware challenge .
Candidate: this method is called when the <UNK> responds with the firmware <UNK> .

Sample 5509:
Reference: adds all points of the collection to the octree .
Candidate: add all of the elements to the end of the collection .

Sample 5510:
Reference: return a default human readable version of obj .
Candidate: simple string that combines of of this current platform .

Sample 5511:
Reference: updates the sink with the given number of bytes from the buffer .
Candidate: updates the sink with the given number of bytes from the buffer .

Sample 5512:
Reference: add introfragmentattributes to xintro activity builder .
Candidate: add introfragmentattributes to xintro activity builder .

Sample 5513:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 5514:
Reference: returns true if any tenant in the list has a usage acl on the virtualarray
Candidate: returns true if the the tenant in the list has a trusted acl on the specified endpoint

Sample 5515:
Reference: removes the env var .
Candidate: removes the environment variable variable rooted at this context .

Sample 5516:
Reference: find carriers that are applicable for given shop in all currencies available .
Candidate: find all audits ids for given shop id .

Sample 5517:
Reference: returns if the element is search compatible .
Candidate: test whether search s <UNK> to be included in the search criteria .

Sample 5518:
Reference: returns true if the specified character can be considered content .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character can be considered content .

Sample 5519:
Reference: get the formatted review .
Candidate: return the prefix at the cursor .

Sample 5520:
Reference: builds the sendableforwardmessage object
Candidate: builds a builder indicating whether to send one or not .

Sample 5521:
Reference: adds wheel clicking listener
Candidate: adds wheel clicking listener

Sample 5522:
Reference: return the tmxlayer for the specific layer
Candidate: creates a layer <UNK> for the layer name and a component if a layer exists .

Sample 5523:
Reference: break this host its violating security rules just break your block or part .
Candidate: called when the compression is about to to process .

Sample 5524:
Reference: listener called before persistence event of the name useful in case to skip process
Candidate: override to return true if we have the initial name for <UNK> .

Sample 5525:
Reference: return whether the signature on the object is valid or not .
Candidate: returns whether the signature on the object is valid or not .

Sample 5526:
Reference: abandons audio focus and restores the audio volume .
Candidate: abandons audio focus and restores the audio volume .

Sample 5527:
Reference: conditionally log various interesting information about the state of the computation .
Candidate: print the state state state for the current thread and callee is

Sample 5528:
Reference: write a poly in the response .
Candidate: write a poly in the response .

Sample 5529:
Reference: unexport supplied remote objectid and close all channel sockets
Candidate: releases the specified number for specified in the channels .

Sample 5530:
Reference: prototype method create new instance of the class
Candidate: creates a new instance of the new altformat .

Sample 5531:
Reference: set a property whose value is a float .
Candidate: sets a property from a property whose value is a float .

Sample 5532:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 5533:
Reference: for testing only .
Candidate: for testing only .

Sample 5534:
Reference: gets the value of the mounted property .
Candidate: gets the value of the mounted property .

Sample 5535:
Reference: called by the engine to remove node references and linked infrastructure .
Candidate: called by the engine to remove node references .

Sample 5536:
Reference: runs all test cases in this test suite
Candidate: runs all test cases in this test suite

Sample 5537:
Reference: provide a mechanism where service clients may synchronize custom code with synchronized code in symmetricds services .
Candidate: executes a given runnable .

Sample 5538:
Reference: consume until given delimiter char is found also included .
Candidate: consume until given char char is found also included .

Sample 5539:
Reference: open a simple screen .
Candidate: open a simple screen .

Sample 5540:
Reference: number of branches resulting from the split
Candidate: gets the count number of words for this .

Sample 5541:
Reference: navigate the webview to the previous page in the browsing history .
Candidate: performs a navigation occurred on this navigation

Sample 5542:
Reference: called on a bitmap cache miss .
Candidate: called on a bitmap cache miss .

Sample 5543:
Reference: return a name for the configset for a core
Candidate: gets a string for from the server

Sample 5544:
Reference: reset global assembly hook tracking
Candidate: reset the <UNK> to execute when the user hovers over a .

Sample 5545:
Reference: return true if warming should be performed .
Candidate: returns if the powerup should be sent to a new server .

Sample 5546:
Reference: check if the rtp marker is set
Candidate: check if the rtp marker is set

Sample 5547:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5548:
Reference: release an instance to the pool .
Candidate: release an instance to the pool .

Sample 5549:
Reference: remove explicit lock on file held by the current stream .
Candidate: lock the item file lock with the given file id .

Sample 5550:
Reference: get an optional boolean associated with a key .
Candidate: get an optional boolean associated with a key .

Sample 5551:
Reference: prints a message at verbose priority .
Candidate: prints a message at verbose priority .

Sample 5552:
Reference: does this declaration represents a method parameter ?
Candidate: decide whether this method corresponds to a method .

Sample 5553:
Reference: print this compiled method s portion of a stack trace
Candidate: print the given instance of the stack trace for the specified offset .

Sample 5554:
Reference: helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
Candidate: helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys

Sample 5555:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 5556:
Reference: check if the view is correctly centered allow for px offset
Candidate: check if the current node is needed to a <UNK> .

Sample 5557:
Reference: creates a user index from a stream of user objects .
Candidate: load a user to the given tenant id and pass the id of <UNK> .

Sample 5558:
Reference: returns the current character without changing the io pointer or index .
Candidate: returns the current bound of this query .

Sample 5559:
Reference: create the peekandpop object
Candidate: builds the <UNK> object and returns the <UNK> for this .

Sample 5560:
Reference: supports integer based subscript operators for updating the values of numbered columns starting at zero .
Candidate: supports the default subscript index for each index of the given char .

Sample 5561:
Reference: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the expanded type id .
Candidate: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the expanded type id .

Sample 5562:
Reference: appends the given string to the buffer .
Candidate: appends the given string to the buffer .

Sample 5563:
Reference: called when the server owner decides to opt out of bukkitmetrics while the server is running .
Candidate: called when the server owner decides to opt out of bukkitmetrics while the server is running .

Sample 5564:
Reference: returns the volatility for a given option date and strike rate
Candidate: returns the volatility for a given option date and strike rate

Sample 5565:
Reference: prints the text to the ouput without appending a newline .
Candidate: prints the given text to this component .

Sample 5566:
Reference: allocates space on the backing resource and copies the provided data .
Candidate: allocates a data unisolated instance for memory data .

Sample 5567:
Reference: un hides the main menu and tries to clean up the client or server .
Candidate: invoke this <UNK> when needing the last request to it .

Sample 5568:
Reference: returns an iterator over the elements in this list in proper sequence .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in proper sequence .

Sample 5569:
Reference: return the width of the given characters in this font instance
Candidate: return the width of the given characters in the given font array .

Sample 5570:
Reference: determine if configuration needs to be written to disk .
Candidate: determines if any object associated with the object is dirty and needs to be written to disk .

Sample 5571:
Reference: puts an index template .
Candidate: writes an index template .

Sample 5572:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this object .

Sample 5573:
Reference: add child to the children of parent .
Candidate: add child to parent

Sample 5574:
Reference: disables the optimistic concurrency check idempotence is not guaranteed .
Candidate: factory method returns the latest version a view .

Sample 5575:
Reference: reconstructs object on unmarshalling .
Candidate: reconstructs the serialization on the <UNK> .

Sample 5576:
Reference: prints a message of the specified kind at the location of the annotation value inside the annotation mirror of the annotated element .
Candidate: prints a message of the specified kind at the location of the annotation value inside the annotation mirror of the annotated element .

Sample 5577:
Reference: launch the animation on the animatedvectordrawable displayed by the imageview
Candidate: launch the animation on the animatedvectordrawable displayed by the imageview

Sample 5578:
Reference: update a specific dataline .
Candidate: insert a new dataline dataline

Sample 5579:
Reference: set the proxy authorization header to given values in basic authentication format
Candidate: set the proxy authorization header to given values in basic authentication format

Sample 5580:
Reference: primitive operation which is called at the beginning of one depth limited search step .
Candidate: increment the depth of the counter to be recalculated for each time .

Sample 5581:
Reference: this method will send a connect command to socks server and ask socks server to connect remote server .
Candidate: this method will send a connect command to socks server and ask socks server to connect server side .

Sample 5582:
Reference: this method converts a pem encoded crl to der encoded
Candidate: convert to convert a string in the base encoding of a string

Sample 5583:
Reference: overload to handle account updates .
Candidate: this invoked when the <UNK> starts up and whenever the account set changes .

Sample 5584:
Reference: initializer for property debug .
Candidate: initializer for property debug .

Sample 5585:
Reference: write a poly in the response .
Candidate: write a poly in the response .

Sample 5586:
Reference: applies the not null condition
Candidate: applies a check condition

Sample 5587:
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message

Sample 5588:
Reference: initializes the character encoding filter which provides utf encoding .
Candidate: initializes the first encoding filter that will be all picked sections that were added to a single .

Sample 5589:
Reference: create a futurew object that asyncrhonously populates using the common forkjoinpool from the user provided supplier
Candidate: execute a futurew than the supplied query

Sample 5590:
Reference: returns a string value corresponding to this integer attribute .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the attribute .

Sample 5591:
Reference: returns an immutable sorted set containing a single element .
Candidate: returns an immutable sorted set containing a single element .

Sample 5592:
Reference: can i unload entities stranded on immobile transports ?
Candidate: is this turn blocking if we ll be <UNK> ?

Sample 5593:
Reference: removes a lock key representing a queue of items .
Candidate: remove a lock key from the value represented by the value of lockkey .

Sample 5594:
Reference: callback fired when the time is up .
Candidate: indicate that sender should stop .

Sample 5595:
Reference: creates a screenshot with empty message .
Candidate: take a screenshot and then attach them to the report .

Sample 5596:
Reference: main method allows us to run as a standalone demo .
Candidate: main method allows us to run a a standalone demo .

Sample 5597:
Reference: brings all added windows to the front without giving them focus .
Candidate: updates the top level of the <UNK> to make sure the player is moved on a .

Sample 5598:
Reference: assigns and subtracts a value to a shader variable .
Candidate: assigns and subtracts a value to a shader variable .

Sample 5599:
Reference: increments a single character in the specified string .
Candidate: increments a single byte in the specified character array .

Sample 5600:
Reference: runnable to run on event
Candidate: execute the event with the event and

Sample 5601:
Reference: call this method to disallow the resize
Candidate: call this method to prevent this event from bubbling to this widget s parent true or undefined to bubble .

Sample 5602:
Reference: insert a step after a specified step instance .
Candidate: insert a step to a step step .

Sample 5603:
Reference: starts the jetty server at a specified port and redirection parameter .
Candidate: starts the jetty server at a specified port .

Sample 5604:
Reference: sub class should actually execute the database operation and return the result .
Candidate: executes the database returning a modified date .

Sample 5605:
Reference: prints a string to the toolio message buffer .
Candidate: prints the message as a to the output stream .

Sample 5606:
Reference: inserts an arraylist integer value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts an arraylist integer value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 5607:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5608:
Reference: add the formatting statements to the given css class .
Candidate: formats a css class to the right css class .

Sample 5609:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 5610:
Reference: this function is called by the miner when he try to find his target .
Candidate: report the native scan to start after the item to fit .

Sample 5611:
Reference: shorten a type name by removing the package name
Candidate: remove the package name from a fully qualified name .

Sample 5612:
Reference: run the service asynchronously and ignore the result .
Candidate: run the service asynchronously and ignore the result .

Sample 5613:
Reference: method for construct root level array nodes for tree model instances .
Candidate: method for construct root level array nodes for tree model instances .

Sample 5614:
Reference: create an anymseq that wraps the untyped monad
Candidate: create an anymvalue that is wraps a java monad hierarchy

Sample 5615:
Reference: the beginning of a stratum s info
Candidate: if there is a new section of the <UNK> .

Sample 5616:
Reference: executor used for background tasks such as image transcoding resizing rotating and post processing .
Candidate: specifies the tasks to be run for this method .

Sample 5617:
Reference: transitions runstate to given target or leaves it alone if already at least the given target .
Candidate: transitions runstate to given target or leaves it alone if already at least the given target .

Sample 5618:
Reference: return true if the cq is in closing state .
Candidate: is true if the cq is in state state

Sample 5619:
Reference: set the if modified since request header to the given value
Candidate: set the if response request header to the given value

Sample 5620:
Reference: indicates whether the client is able to handle referrals .
Candidate: indicates if the client is currently running on the <UNK> .

Sample 5621:
Reference: convenience method returning true if this field is protected .
Candidate: convenience method returning true if this method is protected .

Sample 5622:
Reference: called when the system ui visibility has changed .
Candidate: called when the system ui visibility has changed .

Sample 5623:
Reference: sends a partial block packet to a particular player .
Candidate: sends all our loconet block to true if it s synced block of the server .

Sample 5624:
Reference: returns true if the table contains a probability for the given assignment
Candidate: returns true if the table contains a probability for the given table

Sample 5625:
Reference: deserialize the given text according to given datainfo
Candidate: deserialize the <UNK> object for the given title .

Sample 5626:
Reference: lays out the frame by setting this client object to take up the full frame display area .
Candidate: lays out the frame by setting up to the given object .

Sample 5627:
Reference: an utility method to generate a random bytebuffer of the requested size .
Candidate: generate a random bytebuffer in the number of bytes .

Sample 5628:
Reference: convert calendar to mm dd yyyy format .
Candidate: convert a calendar to string to the jni date

Sample 5629:
Reference: permite obtener el dn de una entrada ldap
Candidate: permite buscar entradas de una entrada ldap

Sample 5630:
Reference: called when an entire binary frame has been received .
Candidate: called when an entire binary frame has been received .

Sample 5631:
Reference: searches for static groups in this organizational unit using wildcards .
Candidate: searches for static groups in this organization using wildcards .

Sample 5632:
Reference: focuses the component after acomponent typically based on a focustraversalpolicy .
Candidate: focuses the component after acomponent typically based on a focustraversalpolicy .

Sample 5633:
Reference: called if a user clicks on a username
Candidate: a username was clicked .

Sample 5634:
Reference: resolve the given class if it is a primitive class returning the corresponding primitive wrapper type instead .
Candidate: resolve the given class if it is a primitive class returning the corresponding primitive wrapper type .

Sample 5635:
Reference: the tagger model filename
Candidate: returns the filename of the file model corpus .

Sample 5636:
Reference: update the system console font with the specified parameters
Candidate: update the font information in a string

Sample 5637:
Reference: register the factory through which table entries should be created when remote entry creation is enabled .
Candidate: register the provided resource factory for the resource context .

Sample 5638:
Reference: returns the initial flow value for entry exit graph nodes .
Candidate: in out if the argument is in a set

Sample 5639:
Reference: save the barcode to a file .
Candidate: saves the library to the specified file .

Sample 5640:
Reference: creates a retryable function .
Candidate: creates a retryable function .

Sample 5641:
Reference: deactivates the content assist .
Candidate: deactivates the content assist .

Sample 5642:
Reference: writes the json element to the writer recursively .
Candidate: writes the json element to the writer recursively .

Sample 5643:
Reference: request to install this apk file
Candidate: request to install the download image .

Sample 5644:
Reference: called when this preference has changed .
Candidate: called when this preference has changed .

Sample 5645:
Reference: adds a record to the buffer .
Candidate: adds a record to the current list of records .

Sample 5646:
Reference: get an optional value associated with a key .
Candidate: get an optional value associated with a key .

Sample 5647:
Reference: adds annotations to all classes presents in the xml configuration .
Candidate: this method returns the mapping of <UNK> field names from the specified annotation .

Sample 5648:
Reference: workaround for xmlvm bug
Candidate: workaround for conversion object .

Sample 5649:
Reference: marks the the input event as finished then forwards it to the next stage .
Candidate: called when an event occurs when the event is done .

Sample 5650:
Reference: used by createdirectories to attempt to create a directory .
Candidate: used by createdirectories to attempt to create a directory .

Sample 5651:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5652:
Reference: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience
Candidate: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience

Sample 5653:
Reference: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 5654:
Reference: performs completion action if triggered returning a dependent that may need propagation if one exists .
Candidate: performs completion action if triggered returning a dependent that may need propagation if one exists .

Sample 5655:
Reference: generates the code for a switch case .
Candidate: generates the code for a switch case .

Sample 5656:
Reference: tests whether the result geometry is consistent
Candidate: checks if the polygon of the edges are the master the correct type .

Sample 5657:
Reference: create pagination functionality upon abslistview .
Candidate: builds the <UNK> list view abslistview .

Sample 5658:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5659:
Reference: converts the text of this gpathresult to a integer object .
Candidate: converts the text of this gpathresult to an integer .

Sample 5660:
Reference: returns a flag which indicate if a field should not be serialized automatically .
Candidate: gets the view is created as a child .

Sample 5661:
Reference: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .
Candidate: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .

Sample 5662:
Reference: starts email intent with filled by given receiver subject and text
Candidate: starts email intent with filled by the receiver subject and text

Sample 5663:
Reference: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time
Candidate: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time

Sample 5664:
Reference: is the destination a topic
Candidate: get whether the destination is a topic

Sample 5665:
Reference: removes the cursor matching the provided data .
Candidate: removes the cursor from the collection .

Sample 5666:
Reference: into a json format string .
Candidate: returns a json string representing the object .

Sample 5667:
Reference: hack helper to allow callers to provide one less param on query .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> that needing to the front of the list .

Sample 5668:
Reference: callback for genericlistener to remove a component s value if its name changes or it is removed from the panel .
Candidate: remove the editor s data from the map .

Sample 5669:
Reference: visits an instruction with a single int operand .
Candidate: visits an instruction with a single int operand .

Sample 5670:
Reference: adds list of arguments to command line .
Candidate: adds list of arguments in command line .

Sample 5671:
Reference: helper method to check if the customer is subscribed .
Candidate: helper method to check if the customer is subscribed .

Sample 5672:
Reference: copies a parentally closed selection of session nodes in the frontmost session editor to the clipboard .
Candidate: copies a parentally closed selection of session nodes from the frontmost session editor to the clipboard .

Sample 5673:
Reference: override to e . g .
Candidate: this method is called to simulate a <UNK> if the module is created .

Sample 5674:
Reference: test if current iterator hasnext and if not try the next one in sequence recursively
Candidate: return true if there is a good token in the current list of accumulated tokens .

Sample 5675:
Reference: returns a clone of this list .
Candidate: returns a clone of this list .

Sample 5676:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 5677:
Reference: wrap a method invocation in an expression statement or return statement depending on whether the method invocation expression s type is void .
Candidate: wrap a method invocation in an expression statement or return statement depending on whether the method invocation is void .

Sample 5678:
Reference: sends given message on given position if supported if output don t support given position message will be displayed in other position .
Candidate: sends given message on given position if supported if don t support given position message will be displayed .

Sample 5679:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5680:
Reference: returns true if the storage is removable .
Candidate: returns true if the volume is removable .

Sample 5681:
Reference: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Candidate: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .

Sample 5682:
Reference: go to the multidoc object that contains the next doc object in the sequence of doc objects .
Candidate: go to the multidoc object that contains the next doc in the sequence of the sequence of the . object .

Sample 5683:
Reference: return the timestamp associated with the last value .
Candidate: get the last modified date .

Sample 5684:
Reference: show dialog with view for navigation .
Candidate: show dialog with view for navigation .

Sample 5685:
Reference: returns true if the next thing on the reader is a value token .
Candidate: returns true if the next thing as a system using a reader token .

Sample 5686:
Reference: differentiate so we can avoid having creation events for regions map operations and other implicit new st events during rendering .
Candidate: differentiate so we can avoid having creation events for regions map operations and other implicit new st events during rendering .

Sample 5687:
Reference: returns the lock s starting position in the file .
Candidate: returns the lock s position in the file .

Sample 5688:
Reference: mysql supports session variables .
Candidate: before using session variables in postgresql one needs to define them in postgresql . conf

Sample 5689:
Reference: called when a tag has been appended to the group .
Candidate: called when a tag has been appended to the the group .

Sample 5690:
Reference: initializes the current selection to begin with the character at x y .
Candidate: called to determine if at the given point should be located in a text using the text p

Sample 5691:
Reference: utility method which checks current network connection state .
Candidate: checks if the application is already sent the the internet .

Sample 5692:
Reference: checks if player is brigade general and returns message if not
Candidate: is this a player really leaving it

Sample 5693:
Reference: indicates whether some other object is equal to this one .
Candidate: tests if the two supplied object is equal to the same .

Sample 5694:
Reference: a callback called each time the gesture gets updated .
Candidate: responds to the update of a gesture in progress .

Sample 5695:
Reference: total number of files that are part of this recovery both re used and recovered
Candidate: returns the total number of entries in the shard will be reused .

Sample 5696:
Reference: builds a regular controller .
Candidate: builds a regular controller .

Sample 5697:
Reference: searches for assignable dynamic groups in this organization using wildcards .
Candidate: searches for assignable dynamic groups in this organizational unit using wildcards .

Sample 5698:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5699:
Reference: creates a new block chain configuration .
Candidate: creates a new block chain configuration .

Sample 5700:
Reference: types the title of the created page .
Candidate: types the title of category but will be shown .

Sample 5701:
Reference: helper for efficientcacheview clearviewcached int int
Candidate: clear the <UNK> view for a collection of <UNK> .

Sample 5702:
Reference: checks to see the the object has a permission
Candidate: checks to see if the object has a permission

Sample 5703:
Reference: called when the module got resumed .
Candidate: called when the module is paused .

Sample 5704:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports indexes .
Candidate: determine if the database supports the same class in this <UNK> .

Sample 5705:
Reference: determines if this node needs deoptimization information .
Candidate: determines if deoptimization can occur during a given .

Sample 5706:
Reference: get an unmodifiable list of the components that make up this identifier .
Candidate: gets a one list .

Sample 5707:
Reference: load order invoice shipment data into table
Candidate: load order invoice shipment data into table

Sample 5708:
Reference: utility method to run the query on the db and return the value in the first column of the first row .
Candidate: utility method to run the query on the db and return the value in the first column of the first row .

Sample 5709:
Reference: command monitor monitor an expression
Candidate: <UNK> a <UNK> from a expression

Sample 5710:
Reference: end scopes of all variables with registers ge first .
Candidate: end scopes of all variables with ge ge first .

Sample 5711:
Reference: returns whether it has the segment .
Candidate: returns whether it has the <UNK> segment for a number of <UNK> .

Sample 5712:
Reference: is x y in the scroll thumb ?
Candidate: check if the <UNK> is pointing in the x y axis .

Sample 5713:
Reference: registers this command to a commandmap .
Candidate: registers the command from the passed command metadata and outstanding outstanding changes

Sample 5714:
Reference: inner method for removing an invalid status from all tags from the live cache
Candidate: remove the <UNK> cache and removes it with the given description .

Sample 5715:
Reference: add mvc event type to set of observed events .
Candidate: add mvc event type to set of observed events .

Sample 5716:
Reference: inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .
Candidate: inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .

Sample 5717:
Reference: add a new element to the top of this stack
Candidate: adds an item to the stack

Sample 5718:
Reference: performs a delete against the token id provided .
Candidate: called to delete the connection with the given credentials .

Sample 5719:
Reference: tests whether the supplied string is a dn and is not the root dn .
Candidate: tests whether the supplied string is a dn and is not a dn and not not .

Sample 5720:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5721:
Reference: load data from raster file into a float array converting data .
Candidate: load data from raster file

Sample 5722:
Reference: apply another matrix to the left of this one .
Candidate: this this transformation to the left of this one .

Sample 5723:
Reference: check whether this shape is valid .
Candidate: indicates whether this lock is valid .

Sample 5724:
Reference: upload the file and save it as a node in the jcr .
Candidate: synchronous specifying resource s local to save .

Sample 5725:
Reference: called when the manager was stopped .
Candidate: called when the manager was stopped .

Sample 5726:
Reference: verify whether the user in the filter has access to the resource
Candidate: determines whether the resource should have a accessible enough for this access and return true .

Sample 5727:
Reference: coverts given ints array to array of doubles .
Candidate: coverts given doubles array to an array of doubles .

Sample 5728:
Reference: sends the info associated with the local player .
Candidate: sends the player info to the requesting player

Sample 5729:
Reference: called when a player tries to extract an item from the grid .
Candidate: called when a player tries to extract a fluid from the grid .

Sample 5730:
Reference: returns whether the command line subcommand has the name provided or not .
Candidate: checks whether the provided name matches with the sub name or undefined sub .

Sample 5731:
Reference: reads all remaining lines from input stream and returns them as an array of strings .
Candidate: reads all remaining lines from input stream and returns them as an array of strings .

Sample 5732:
Reference: write a circle in the response .
Candidate: write a circle in the response .

Sample 5733:
Reference: show asset info non modal
Candidate: show asset info non modal

Sample 5734:
Reference: sets the connected disconnected visual status of the client .
Candidate: updates the elapsed ui for the given url using the older quality .

Sample 5735:
Reference: return true if the server is started which basicly means it is bound to a address and accept connections
Candidate: checks if the connector is started and listening for connections otherwise .

Sample 5736:
Reference: return a name of this server .
Candidate: return the mapping of the current property .

Sample 5737:
Reference: if recursion depth is clears internal data structures otherwise throws a streamcorruptedexception .
Candidate: if recursion depth is clears internal data structures otherwise throws a <UNK> .

Sample 5738:
Reference: initialise the blowfish key schedule
Candidate: initialise the blowfish key schedule

Sample 5739:
Reference: read an array of longs from a file .
Candidate: reads bytes from a specified number of <UNK> .

Sample 5740:
Reference: creates the listener responsible for getting property change events from the selection model .
Candidate: creates the listener responsible for getting property change events from the selection model .

Sample 5741:
Reference: convert an array of bit characters into a string .
Candidate: convert an array of bit characters into a string .

Sample 5742:
Reference: determine if an iplayable is currently playing .
Candidate: returns if the media is currently playing .

Sample 5743:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 5744:
Reference: parse date in rfc format and return its value as epoch
Candidate: parse date in rfc format and return its value as epoch

Sample 5745:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 5746:
Reference: the entity that changed .
Candidate: creates entity entity entity .

Sample 5747:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 5748:
Reference: undefined retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol undefined
Candidate: retrieve retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n

Sample 5749:
Reference: peek ahead into buffered content .
Candidate: read the next byte data to the buffer

Sample 5750:
Reference: write the values in the map as encoded form data to the request body
Candidate: write the values in the map as encoded form data to the request body

Sample 5751:
Reference: write byte array to request body
Candidate: write byte array to request body

Sample 5752:
Reference: called before initial collection and between successive collection runs .
Candidate: called before the <UNK> is to to be processed .

Sample 5753:
Reference: it returns whether the given cell is editable .
Candidate: it returns whether the given cell is editable .

Sample 5754:
Reference: thrown when the target field doesn t exist .
Candidate: thrown when the field s static and return true .

Sample 5755:
Reference: removes all items from the adapter .
Candidate: clears the data after this encoder .

Sample 5756:
Reference: paints the border of a menu item .
Candidate: paints the border of a menu item .

Sample 5757:
Reference: data source about to unloaded .
Candidate: should be called before the jvm source is unloaded .

Sample 5758:
Reference: get the nth element .
Candidate: get the nth element .

Sample 5759:
Reference: get enable network logging flag
Candidate: returns whether the backend is currently enabled in the proxy .

Sample 5760:
Reference: reflection hack to expose private fixties method for testing .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> to math using the correct <UNK> method .

Sample 5761:
Reference: adds the given table s mappings to the resolver to be constructed .
Candidate: add a constant table to the register <UNK> for a unique symtab .

Sample 5762:
Reference: is a global telephone number .
Candidate: is a global telephone number .

Sample 5763:
Reference: determine whether or not given method should be chosen .
Candidate: return whether or not given plugin should be read .

Sample 5764:
Reference: returns the low surrogate of a supplemental character
Candidate: returns the low surrogate of a supplemental character

Sample 5765:
Reference: keeps the screen turned on .
Candidate: enables or disables the screen to enable it s inventory .

Sample 5766:
Reference: gets index by index .
Candidate: translates the index into its index place assuming it has been compared .

Sample 5767:
Reference: given a service actor proxy return a service reference .
Candidate: cast a reference to a service object reference type to this method

Sample 5768:
Reference: the attempted move will incur aa fire confirm that you still want to move
Candidate: check if the player should be moved in the list of <UNK> .

Sample 5769:
Reference: build state key to store state value into redis
Candidate: builds the key key for the given key id and

Sample 5770:
Reference: check if there are some permissions pending to be confirmed by the user and restarts the request for permission process .
Candidate: set pending for permissions if there is a pending task transitions to the pending .

Sample 5771:
Reference: inform the tilereadylistener that this tile is ready to be painted
Candidate: called when the user clicks the event is being delivered .

Sample 5772:
Reference: zip combine this zippable with the supplied stream using the supplied combining function
Candidate: zip combine this zippable with the supplied stream using the supplied combining function

Sample 5773:
Reference: send directly to socket the sql data .
Candidate: send the buffer s <UNK> to to a stream of the .

Sample 5774:
Reference: returns a set of row keys that have one or more values in the table .
Candidate: returns a set of row keys that have one or more values in the table .

Sample 5775:
Reference: unsubscribes from the stream .
Candidate: implement this method to close and cleanup any resources opened by the subscribe call .

Sample 5776:
Reference: initializes views and adapter
Candidate: initializes the adapter and populate the fab page

Sample 5777:
Reference: formats a date time in long style .
Candidate: formats a date date with the currently selected date .

Sample 5778:
Reference: reads snapshot description from repository .
Candidate: read the snapshot repository corresponding to the snapshot restore process

Sample 5779:
Reference: extract text data from xml node .
Candidate: escape the provided string for converting to yaml string .

Sample 5780:
Reference: perform the actual write of a short write barrier .
Candidate: writes the actual write of a short entity reference to the raw extent .

Sample 5781:
Reference: runs when scrolling down .
Candidate: called when the recycler view is scrolled down .

Sample 5782:
Reference: closes the connection manager .
Candidate: performs an close in the server and all the to to the given sql names

Sample 5783:
Reference: compare the primary annotations of subtype and supertype .
Candidate: checks if the subtype is is a subtype supertype of the highest api subtype .

Sample 5784:
Reference: cancel the currently running operation .
Candidate: cancel any currently running connections .

Sample 5785:
Reference: gets the database specific sql command to create temporary columns
Candidate: gets the database specific sql command to create temporary columns

Sample 5786:
Reference: instruct this manager to release resources
Candidate: initiates an orderly shutdown in which previously published notifications are delivered but no new tasks will be accepted .

Sample 5787:
Reference: marks this position as deleted .
Candidate: marks the position as deleted .

Sample 5788:
Reference: get the sqrt normalized mutual information normalized unequal
Candidate: get the path normalized mutual information normalized unequal

Sample 5789:
Reference: read jsonvalue from the referenced classpath file .
Candidate: read jsonvalue from the referenced classpath file .

Sample 5790:
Reference: called when compilation is finished .
Candidate: called when compilation of the global function or script into script is done .

Sample 5791:
Reference: performs a weighted ridged linear regression .
Candidate: performs a weighted ridged linear regression with a matrix

Sample 5792:
Reference: removes item by key
Candidate: removes item by key

Sample 5793:
Reference: computes the call to return flow function for the given call site abstraction
Candidate: computes the call to return flow function for the given call site abstraction

Sample 5794:
Reference: serialize a sequence of java objects into a yaml string .
Candidate: serialize a sequence of java objects into a yaml string .

Sample 5795:
Reference: called when the green value text has changed .
Candidate: called when the green value text has changed .

Sample 5796:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented list annotation for the the member list .

Sample 5797:
Reference: paints the background of the divider of a split pane .
Candidate: paints the background of the divider of a split pane .

Sample 5798:
Reference: clear the frame cache .
Candidate: clear the cleared the cleared cache .

Sample 5799:
Reference: resumes playback if it is paused
Candidate: resumes playback playback and get playback back to the ready state .

Sample 5800:
Reference: static wrapper for directmethodhandle . internalmembername .
Candidate: static wrapper for directmethodhandle . internalmembername .

Sample 5801:
Reference: next getcommand will be the first in the sequence
Candidate: resets the buffer index to and makes the buffer reusable .

Sample 5802:
Reference: auxiliary method to calculate dseparation facts directly from nodes instead of from variables .
Candidate: auxiliary method to calculate dseparation facts directly from instead of variables from .

Sample 5803:
Reference: starts linearly reading from the top of the view hierarchy .
Candidate: start the reading of a new <UNK> object .

Sample 5804:
Reference: socket type not supported
Candidate: socket type not supported

Sample 5805:
Reference: adds the specified minutes to the number of minutes in the period .
Candidate: adds the specified number to the number of minutes in the period .

Sample 5806:
Reference: returns whether the refresh is over or not .
Candidate: this method is used to check if the session is enabled in streammanager .

Sample 5807:
Reference: returns true if the stage has stopped .
Candidate: returns whether the shutdown this group has been shutdown .

Sample 5808:
Reference: implement this method for notifications before executing business event
Candidate: called after a cache was successful or case any event per event .

Sample 5809:
Reference: clear backlog for a given subscription on all destinations on a namespace
Candidate: clear the namespace handler for a particular namespace .

Sample 5810:
Reference: when the user sends a message besides sending an email we will also insert the message in the database .
Candidate: inserts a contact message to the list of <UNK> .

Sample 5811:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5812:
Reference: applies the physical offset between items of the same size of the divider previously set .
Candidate: sets actions used to specify that the <UNK> object is to be recalculated for the query .

Sample 5813:
Reference: returns the sink channel of the pipe .
Candidate: returns this pipe s sink channel .

Sample 5814:
Reference: returns a new instance with the months value negated .
Candidate: returns a new instance with the months value negated .

Sample 5815:
Reference: this method can be used to query whether a specified url is within the current suite wide scope .
Candidate: this method can be used to query whether a specified url is within the current suite wide scope .

Sample 5816:
Reference: issue authentication call for the current tenant with the specified auth data
Candidate: performs a authentication request through gssapi .

Sample 5817:
Reference: look up and cross link all field types etc .
Candidate: look up and cross link all field types etc .

Sample 5818:
Reference: find the midpoint geo between this one and another on a great circle line between the two .
Candidate: find the midpoint geo between this one and on a great circle line on between two .

Sample 5819:
Reference: are null values sorted high ?
Candidate: are null values sorted high ?

Sample 5820:
Reference: copes the values of this matrix into the other matrix of the same dimensions
Candidate: copies the row vector with the given matrix to the center of the two data .

Sample 5821:
Reference: insert empty row after current row
Candidate: insert a new row . current row .

Sample 5822:
Reference: post issue to bug tracking system .
Candidate: post issue to the system .

Sample 5823:
Reference: returns byte with given nibbles in it .
Candidate: returns byte with given nibbles in it .

Sample 5824:
Reference: show an error notation
Candidate: show an error notation

Sample 5825:
Reference: this function debugs a block .
Candidate: this function is called on a block block to block .

Sample 5826:
Reference: tells if a class node is candidate for class literal bytecode optimization .
Candidate: returns true if the class is a <UNK> method .

Sample 5827:
Reference: updates the statistics related to rtp packets should be invoked every time this source receive an rtp packet .
Candidate: updates the statistics related to rtp packets should be invoked every time this source receive an rtp receive rtp .

Sample 5828:
Reference: stores the address value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: stores an address value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 5829:
Reference: checks whether the text in the query field should come from the suggestion title .
Candidate: checks whether the search should be emailed when the user clicks on a suggestion .

Sample 5830:
Reference: clears the items and loads the latest timeline items .
Candidate: refreshes items with than greater than the minposition .

Sample 5831:
Reference: method to to distinguish struct elements from other elements of the logical tree like mcr or struct tree root .
Candidate: is whether the given hash code is a webp instruction .

Sample 5832:
Reference: adds a listener to map panning zooming
Candidate: adds a map listener to the map of listeners

Sample 5833:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5834:
Reference: generate a string containing a formatted timestamp with the current date and time .
Candidate: generates a timestamp of time in the format yyyy mm dd .

Sample 5835:
Reference: adds number of output rows in remove stream .
Candidate: add a <UNK> output to the <UNK> stream .

Sample 5836:
Reference: returns true if this axis needs horizontal offset false if no offset is needed .
Candidate: returns true if this axis needs horizontal offset false if no offset is needed .

Sample 5837:
Reference: enable study mode on rm
Candidate: confirm a tcp device should go to a device

Sample 5838:
Reference: callback is invoked before closing the memoryallocatorimpl close occurs after the internaldistributedsystem and distributionmanager have completely disconnected .
Candidate: callback called after the two shutdown callback is needed .

Sample 5839:
Reference: static method to return a first logging statement .
Candidate: shorthand method to validate the <UNK> for the given jdk .

Sample 5840:
Reference: print table print table of transactions .
Candidate: print table print table of transactions .

Sample 5841:
Reference: get the current status of device via internet
Candidate: do the device to be retrieved from the server

Sample 5842:
Reference: returns a value as a string array .
Candidate: returns a value as a string array .

Sample 5843:
Reference: retrieves the operation id that should be used for the next jmx operation .
Candidate: retrieves the operation operation that should be used for the next internal operation .

Sample 5844:
Reference: remove the schema map from the servlet context .
Candidate: remove the schema mapping from the associated property .

Sample 5845:
Reference: you are fishing .
Candidate: you have not learned the alliance .

Sample 5846:
Reference: returns whether the given element makes it through this filter .
Candidate: set whether the given exception is clicked to the given context .

Sample 5847:
Reference: called whenever the current step changes .
Candidate: called to notify a wizard of the selection changed .

Sample 5848:
Reference: generates the instruction to return the top stack value to the caller .
Candidate: generates the instruction to return the top stack value to the caller .

Sample 5849:
Reference: to fire off start entity trace event
Candidate: to fire off start entity trace event

Sample 5850:
Reference: reads all data from stream and close it silently
Candidate: reads all data from stream and close it silently

Sample 5851:
Reference: checks if we can publish send any messages connection is established .
Candidate: checks if we can publish send any messages connection is established .

Sample 5852:
Reference: methods examine if condition is met in small timeout seconds if not nothing happens .
Candidate: return the <UNK> that will wait until the grid and then wait until timeout occurs .

Sample 5853:
Reference: notifies all listeners of a new execution stage .
Candidate: notify the listener if running process of a new event .

Sample 5854:
Reference: returns string uuid representation .
Candidate: returns string uuid with the uuid prefix

Sample 5855:
Reference: apply fiend for object
Candidate: apply method to object

Sample 5856:
Reference: enables or disable debug logging through logcat .
Candidate: enables or disable debug logging through logcat .

Sample 5857:
Reference: tests if thread contention monitoring is enabled .
Candidate: returns whether thread contention monitoring is enabled .

Sample 5858:
Reference: does this have data ?
Candidate: tests whether the data is not available for the database .

Sample 5859:
Reference: adds a source container to a ijavaproject .
Candidate: adds a source container to a ijavaproject .

Sample 5860:
Reference: closes the current zip entry and positions the stream for reading the next entry .
Candidate: closes the current zip entry and positions the stream for reading the next entry .

Sample 5861:
Reference: gets the physical channel number to tune to for this channel on the specified lineup .
Candidate: gets the channel numbers for a time channel that is be created on the specified lineup .

Sample 5862:
Reference: removes deletes generic entity records found by the condition
Candidate: removes deletes generic entity records found by the condition

Sample 5863:
Reference: append an element to the bodydecl list .
Candidate: append an element to the bodydecl list .

Sample 5864:
Reference: extracts a portion of this string builder as a string .
Candidate: gibt a portion of the string builder as a string .

Sample 5865:
Reference: player entered world search for non expired group
Candidate: player entered information for non null group

Sample 5866:
Reference: returns a string representation of the receiver .
Candidate: returns a string representation of its elements .

Sample 5867:
Reference: sets the header row as defined in the headerrowspinner and repaints the table .
Candidate: updates the header row as defined by the <UNK> .

Sample 5868:
Reference: returns true if the hole in the center of the piechart is transparent false if not .
Candidate: returns true if the hole in the center of the piechart is transparent false if not .

Sample 5869:
Reference: remove downloads of an account
Candidate: remove downloads of an account

Sample 5870:
Reference: increments the deltafullmessagessent stats .
Candidate: increments the number of unprocessed data from the cache .

Sample 5871:
Reference: get current vendor .
Candidate: returns true if the current is currently in the database .

Sample 5872:
Reference: the snapshot version e . g .
Candidate: returns the major version of the <UNK> constant .

Sample 5873:
Reference: calculates the radius of a node based on its two child nodes if merging two nodes .
Candidate: calculates the global radius of this node .

Sample 5874:
Reference: remove all items from cache
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 5875:
Reference: returns whether the given flags includes the synchronized modifier .
Candidate: returns whether the given flags includes the synchronized modifier .

Sample 5876:
Reference: builds the soaprequestentity used to perform a soap request .
Candidate: build the request key and return the <UNK> to be sent against the <UNK> .

Sample 5877:
Reference: answers wheather tab runs should be rotated .
Candidate: check if the the tabs should be edited in the foreground tab as opposed to fit .

Sample 5878:
Reference: renames a key in the parameter set .
Candidate: renames a parameter parameter to the key .

Sample 5879:
Reference: return true if the path has the specified label else return false .
Candidate: returns whether the label has the name

Sample 5880:
Reference: browse up one frame failing if we fall off the stack
Candidate: recursion method that will be called to restore the internal frame of the <UNK> .

Sample 5881:
Reference: set up initial population
Candidate: initializes this sample s a population list .

Sample 5882:
Reference: says whether we are showing the attribute name or not .
Candidate: indicates whether the user is the attribute name to be .

Sample 5883:
Reference: swap the data in the recycler
Candidate: swap all the data in the given list .

Sample 5884:
Reference: zooms to the specified scale around the focal point given .
Candidate: zooms to the specified scale around the focal point given .

Sample 5885:
Reference: contain letter and digit .
Candidate: checks if the given string is a letter or digit string .

Sample 5886:
Reference: computes the asynchronous method parameter types from the synchronous method model .
Candidate: computes the job parameters from the provided list of <UNK> types .

Sample 5887:
Reference: check whether this is an windows environment .
Candidate: is if this <UNK> is a <UNK> d windows ?

Sample 5888:
Reference: obtiene si el usuario conectado puede modificar el grupo indicado .
Candidate: obtiene si el usuario conectado puede modificar el grupo indicado .

Sample 5889:
Reference: the range sensor noise model .
Candidate: calculate the smallest score for the given range .

Sample 5890:
Reference: is the telnet client suppress go ahead turned on
Candidate: returns if the <UNK> is to be rendered instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 5891:
Reference: create a response for target filter queries .
Candidate: helper to filter for return query response to query .

Sample 5892:
Reference: create a matrix which let bitmap centercrop in the border rect
Candidate: create a matrix .

Sample 5893:
Reference: determines if the html . tag associated with the element is a block tag .
Candidate: determines if the html . tag associated with the element is a block tag .

Sample 5894:
Reference: delete all the data
Candidate: evict all elements of the cache .

Sample 5895:
Reference: perform an asynchronous summarystatistics operation
Candidate: perform an asynchronous summarystatistics operation

Sample 5896:
Reference: creates edits from a sortedmap containing tags as sequential key value pairs
Candidate: load a specific member from the <UNK>

Sample 5897:
Reference: returns true if possibly still triggerable .
Candidate: returns true if possibly still triggerable .

Sample 5898:
Reference: scales the input vector by the specified factor and returns it .
Candidate: convert the <UNK> point to a double precision point in the xy space .

Sample 5899:
Reference: use interpolator to get t
Candidate: use interpolator to get t

Sample 5900:
Reference: creates a new modifiers instance which excludes the specified modifiers from this instance .
Candidate: creates a new modifiers instance which excludes the specified modifiers from this instance .

Sample 5901:
Reference: show a print containing a printable view of the components passed in .
Candidate: shows the print preview color to a toast

Sample 5902:
Reference: obtains a string describing the control type and its current state .
Candidate: obtains a string describing the control type and its current state .

Sample 5903:
Reference: make a new label .
Candidate: create a new label object with the specified name and <UNK> .

Sample 5904:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 5905:
Reference: initializes the angle if needed .
Candidate: removes the base value from the given

Sample 5906:
Reference: returns the duration converted to seconds .
Candidate: returns the duration in seconds .

Sample 5907:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 5908:
Reference: add a new edge to the output .
Candidate: add an edge to the graph

Sample 5909:
Reference: true if wifi enabled
Candidate: check if wifi connection is enabled

Sample 5910:
Reference: perform actions after node selection in project explorer .
Candidate: perform actions when node selected in project explorer .

Sample 5911:
Reference: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
Candidate: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .

Sample 5912:
Reference: interrupt this thread cancel the query if still in execution carlos ruiz globalqss info product performance big problem
Candidate: interrupts the target of this query

Sample 5913:
Reference: returns the attribute with the given index .
Candidate: returns the attribute for the specified index .

Sample 5914:
Reference: see if an sql statement is complete .
Candidate: see if an sql statement is complete .

Sample 5915:
Reference: simple implementation for the case of a single cv .
Candidate: simple implementation for the case of a single cv .

Sample 5916:
Reference: determines if the distributed system has the shared configuration service enabled or not .
Candidate: returns true if the service configuration is enabled for this instance .

Sample 5917:
Reference: create an instance of entitiesdescriptorelement
Candidate: create an instance of entitiesdescriptorelement

Sample 5918:
Reference: clears the image from the attachment view .
Candidate: clear the previously loaded inventory of the <UNK> image .

Sample 5919:
Reference: when an item is clicked informs with the id of the item which is given while adding the items .
Candidate: called to indicate that a device is occurred .

Sample 5920:
Reference: remove any configuration attribute associated with the specified name .
Candidate: removes an attribute attribute .

Sample 5921:
Reference: return false if this is not a header list sipheaderlist overrrides this method .
Candidate: return true if this is a header list overrides the base class method .

Sample 5922:
Reference: send a fatal error log message
Candidate: send a fatal error log message

Sample 5923:
Reference: adds the callback function that will be called at different stages of the layout cycle .
Candidate: adds the callback function that be called at the layout of the layout cylce .

Sample 5924:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5925:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .

Sample 5926:
Reference: returns whether float buffers are supported
Candidate: gets whether or not the float features are to be

Sample 5927:
Reference: method to set connectionqualitychangelistener
Candidate: removes the default change listener to the unused listener .

Sample 5928:
Reference: ensures that result set is not closed .
Candidate: ensures that result set is not closed .

Sample 5929:
Reference: compare two numbers for equality .
Candidate: compare two numbers for greater than .

Sample 5930:
Reference: write the contents of the jsonobject as json text to a writer .
Candidate: write the contents of the jsonobject as json text to a writer .

Sample 5931:
Reference: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .
Candidate: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .

Sample 5932:
Reference: returns the number of name value mappings in this object .
Candidate: returns the number of name value mappings in this object .

Sample 5933:
Reference: callbacks when the chart is double tapped .
Candidate: callbacks when the chart is double tapped .

Sample 5934:
Reference: proceed and execute wrapped trifunction with it s first and second input parameters as a captured and the replacement parameter as provided
Candidate: proceed and commas the function if it s the input captured as captured

Sample 5935:
Reference: send an action to the represented user or channel .
Candidate: this method contains the action the default action

Sample 5936:
Reference: creates a long buffer based on a newly allocated long array .
Candidate: creates a long buffer based on a newly allocated long array .

Sample 5937:
Reference: creates a new leaf entry representing the specified data object .
Candidate: creates a new leaf entry with the given id object .

Sample 5938:
Reference: this method will be used to read long from file from postion offset here length will be always bacause int byte size is
Candidate: this method will be used to read long from from file from postion offset here length will be always bacause int byte size is

Sample 5939:
Reference: creates and returns a mode filtered network .
Candidate: creates and returns a mode filtered network .

Sample 5940:
Reference: execute the task with n retries and an interval between retries .
Candidate: execute the execution and return the response .

Sample 5941:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5942:
Reference: creates the field editors .
Candidate: creates the field editors .

Sample 5943:
Reference: main method to execute benchmarks .
Candidate: utility method to test the optimizer cli class

Sample 5944:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 5945:
Reference: inserta el de archivo
Candidate: metodo que almacena un archivo de archivo .

Sample 5946:
Reference: ismonth returns true if string s is a valid month number between and .
Candidate: isday returns true if string s is a valid month between and .

Sample 5947:
Reference: returns the charset that created this encoder .
Candidate: returns the charset that created this decoder .

Sample 5948:
Reference: adds a selection listener to the tabs .
Candidate: add a listener to receive notification

Sample 5949:
Reference: try parse a color from a text parameter and into a specified index .
Candidate: <UNK> a color for converting the waveform color .

Sample 5950:
Reference: closes this zip file .
Candidate: closes this zip file .

Sample 5951:
Reference: if the rocket is in flight ie the rocket has taken off and has not touched the ground
Candidate: check if the rocket is in a period for the and has not touched the ground .

Sample 5952:
Reference: sets a suspend time to this instance .
Candidate: stops the process instance time for the specified time .

Sample 5953:
Reference: creates a new ui object for the given component .
Candidate: creates a new ui object for the given component .

Sample 5954:
Reference: validate before sending that there is a destination set .
Candidate: validate the tuple to to a single output .

Sample 5955:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 5956:
Reference: line in the original source file for the given offset .
Candidate: search in for the line segment for the specified line .

Sample 5957:
Reference: creates an identity transformer .
Candidate: creates a transformer from the given stylesheet . .

Sample 5958:
Reference: returns whether there are no filtered results .
Candidate: returns whether there are no filtered results .

Sample 5959:
Reference: returns index settings that that shouldn t be restored
Candidate: returns the list of index settings and index settings groups that shouldn t be restored from snapshot

Sample 5960:
Reference: method to calculate the number of times to loop playback of this sound
Candidate: calculate the processing of the fibonacci query size for testing .

Sample 5961:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 5962:
Reference: resets a to many relationship making the next get call to query for a fresh result .
Candidate: resets the current node to use the <UNK> of .

Sample 5963:
Reference: sets internal dimension and vector type and flags in flagconfig to match .
Candidate: read the user entry from a lucene index and applies a matsim column .

Sample 5964:
Reference: toggle the badge visibility in the ui .
Candidate: toggle the badge visibility in the ui .

Sample 5965:
Reference: returns a fresh statement pattern with the specified variables bound .
Candidate: returns a fresh pattern with the given variables bound .

Sample 5966:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 5967:
Reference: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .
Candidate: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .

Sample 5968:
Reference: allows to answer how many visual columns are occupied by the given width .
Candidate: calculate the distance number of the sdo cells with the given spacing .

Sample 5969:
Reference: this function signs the message that has been updated making use of the private key .
Candidate: generate the signature for the message that has been updated with the aid of the public key .

Sample 5970:
Reference: highlights upon dragging generates callbacks for the selection listener .
Candidate: highlights upon dragging generates callbacks for the selection listener .

Sample 5971:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 5972:
Reference: called when a taxon has been successfully removed from the taxonlist
Candidate: called when the user has been removed from the document

Sample 5973:
Reference: delete a registeredaction record
Candidate: delete a single value for if you can t remove the recorddoubleclick table for the <UNK> group .

Sample 5974:
Reference: destroys invalidates the password .
Candidate: destroys invalidates the password .

Sample 5975:
Reference: adds a value to the set .
Candidate: adds a value to the set .

Sample 5976:
Reference: initializes all live attributes for this element .
Candidate: initializes all live attributes for this element .

Sample 5977:
Reference: system has unconfirmed records
Candidate: system has unforfirmed records

Sample 5978:
Reference: indicates whether the event stream associated with this context contains another event .
Candidate: indicates whether there is another header element in this iteration .

Sample 5979:
Reference: true if the table has added columns .
Candidate: returns if the identity is to be alter the last row of .

Sample 5980:
Reference: create a fraction with the default local server .
Candidate: create a configure and configure the default value .

Sample 5981:
Reference: cancel a packet to send
Candidate: cancel a packet to send queue

Sample 5982:
Reference: the status of one or more indices .
Candidate: given in a cluster in the cache

Sample 5983:
Reference: small helper class to update the header and the list
Candidate: small helper class to update the header and the list

Sample 5984:
Reference: starts creating a new deployment
Candidate: gives the deployment instance for this api .

Sample 5985:
Reference: when items should be removed when the callback .
Candidate: called when an item has been dismissed by a swipe .

Sample 5986:
Reference: must be called when this app is finishing .
Candidate: destroys the <UNK> thread to

Sample 5987:
Reference: creates a default target .
Candidate: creates the default target signalmasts for this service .

Sample 5988:
Reference: joins a channel with a key .
Candidate: joins a channel with a key .

Sample 5989:
Reference: shows a long toast .
Candidate: shows a long toast .

Sample 5990:
Reference: reads and validates the objectinputstream header from the source stream .
Candidate: reads and validates the objectinputstream header from the source stream .

Sample 5991:
Reference: generate the tid multipart
Candidate: generates a new string coordinate for a geometry block .

Sample 5992:
Reference: to do implement rotatingslist such that code compiles and outputs correct result .
Candidate: to do implement rotatingslist such that code compiles and outputs correct result .

Sample 5993:
Reference: returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order .
Candidate: returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order .

Sample 5994:
Reference: computes a boolean value from a string value retrieved from a property in the given map .
Candidate: computes a boolean value from a string value retrieved from a property in the given map .

Sample 5995:
Reference: prepare response object from error details with reason and description .
Candidate: builds response object with error details with the specified reason .

Sample 5996:
Reference: returns true if warning log messages are enabled .
Candidate: check whether if warning log messages are enabled .

Sample 5997:
Reference: returns true if the channel for this key is connected .
Candidate: returns true if the channel for this key is connected .

Sample 5998:
Reference: finds applicable styles in the specified context .
Candidate: finds the applicable applicable in the provided calendar .

Sample 5999:
Reference: returns a new custom view that will be used for each of the collection item .
Candidate: returns a new custom view that will be used for each of the collection item .

Sample 6000:
Reference: prunes guild users for the given amount of days .
Candidate: returns the total number of users that the user s days .

Sample 6001:
Reference: determines whether the given string is in the given trie .
Candidate: determines whether the given string is in the given trie .

Sample 6002:
Reference: searches for sub organizations in this organization using wildcards .
Candidate: searches for sub organizations in this organization using wildcards .

Sample 6003:
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .

Sample 6004:
Reference: returns the double value stored in this object for the given key .
Candidate: returns the double value stored in this object for the given key .

Sample 6005:
Reference: takes care of the fact that sun changed the output of bigdecimal . tostring between jdk . and jdk
Candidate: converts the best effort to string using the same string as part .

Sample 6006:
Reference: notify the current state of navigation icon is invalid .
Candidate: notify the listener for changing the tab of the active .

Sample 6007:
Reference: returns true if the database is opened as read only .
Candidate: returns true if the database is opened as read only .

Sample 6008:
Reference: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .
Candidate: get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .

Sample 6009:
Reference: execute query sql with selectionargs will replace ? s with selectionargs .
Candidate: returns a cursor which will be used by the statement

Sample 6010:
Reference: indicates if a view transformation is currently underway .
Candidate: indicates if a view transformation is currently underway .

Sample 6011:
Reference: called when the service is disconnected .
Candidate: called when the service is disconnected .

Sample 6012:
Reference: gets whether values for the specified parameter can be signed numbers .
Candidate: gets whether values for the specified parameter can be signed numbers .

Sample 6013:
Reference: sets the application data .
Candidate: specifies the value to use this loader if you want to use .

Sample 6014:
Reference: tells whether this assistant has assists for the given invocation context .
Candidate: tells whether this assistant has assists for the given invocation context .

Sample 6015:
Reference: called on each node reached by the traversal to process that node .
Candidate: if this point is be called in the tree thread .

Sample 6016:
Reference: returns true if field localcontext is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the jvm is marked to a local local context .

Sample 6017:
Reference: transform a number into a bigdecimal
Candidate: parse a byte into a bigdecimal

Sample 6018:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6019:
Reference: adds a tile observer .
Candidate: adds a tile observer .

Sample 6020:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 6021:
Reference: give up a lease currently held by this host .
Candidate: releases the lease lease and returns the result .

Sample 6022:
Reference: construct a service description for registering with jmdns .
Candidate: construct a service description for registering with jmdns .

Sample 6023:
Reference: changes the name of the role .
Candidate: changes the name of the guild .

Sample 6024:
Reference: rewrite a byte array as a char array
Candidate: converts this byte array to an array of chars .

Sample 6025:
Reference: evaluates the normalized kernel between s and t . see for details about the normalized ssk .
Candidate: computes a random distance from the given double array assuming that distance .

Sample 6026:
Reference: adds a cell specifying the basic attributes and additional constraints .
Candidate: adds a new cell to the most <UNK> .

Sample 6027:
Reference: delete the attribute value .
Candidate: delete the attribute value .

Sample 6028:
Reference: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface
Candidate: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface

Sample 6029:
Reference: resets values defined by configuration of bes to be used after modifying the configuration .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> zone to receive the elapsed time .

Sample 6030:
Reference: option to skip first run from being included in the variation statistics .
Candidate: determines the start of the next query character to be printed .

Sample 6031:
Reference: return whether this callback has been abandoned because of the controller being reset .
Candidate: check if we is the <UNK> to be sent out of the <UNK> .

Sample 6032:
Reference: called to notify that setup is complete .
Candidate: called to notify that setup is complete .

Sample 6033:
Reference: attempt to load the class of the given name .
Candidate: loads and finds a class in the class or null permissions .

Sample 6034:
Reference: generates an rsa key pair .
Candidate: creates a new key key pair to the private key key .

Sample 6035:
Reference: moves the destination cursor from to the current destination and adds all visited locations to the map .
Candidate: moves the destination cursor from to the current destination and adds all visited locations to the map .

Sample 6036:
Reference: gets the value at indexofindex from the array .
Candidate: returns the string representation of a sparse string for an array .

Sample 6037:
Reference: returns the next token and moves the stream position forward .
Candidate: returns the next token without consuming the token .

Sample 6038:
Reference: obtiene los libros de entrada disponibles para el usuario
Candidate: obtiene los libros de entrada disponibles para el usuario

Sample 6039:
Reference: hook to return connections that were acquired using acquireconnection .
Candidate: return a connection to the pool .

Sample 6040:
Reference: rotate around the x axis .
Candidate: rotate the specified around the specified x axis .

Sample 6041:
Reference: global info for this bean
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 6042:
Reference: invoked before the raster s contents are to be written to via one of the modifier methods in raster such as setpixel
Candidate: store the raster s contents of the receiver before adding to one of the changes in

Sample 6043:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6044:
Reference: this indicates whether zero is an acceptable value for this instance .
Candidate: this indicates whether zero is an acceptable value for this instance .

Sample 6045:
Reference: starts the processing of a new action .
Candidate: start the action to reflect the state

Sample 6046:
Reference: initialize the global options with the provided set of arguments .
Candidate: initialize the global options with the provided options .

Sample 6047:
Reference: return true if successfully started .
Candidate: this by default configuration only if you want to create the object .

Sample 6048:
Reference: returns a string representation of this certificate .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 6049:
Reference: generate a new unique and random message id eg .
Candidate: generate a new id id to be sent to the <UNK> request .

Sample 6050:
Reference: spawn retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol spawn
Candidate: n retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n

Sample 6051:
Reference: whether to start proxy or not .
Candidate: whether to start proxy or not .

Sample 6052:
Reference: clears the cache sets the head tail and count to zero without generating eviction notices .
Candidate: clears all indices starting with the lru reference and proceeding to the tail of the lru reference .

Sample 6053:
Reference: responds to the delete button
Candidate: responds the the delete button

Sample 6054:
Reference: called when an attr node has been modified .
Candidate: called when an attr node has been modified .

Sample 6055:
Reference: creates an allocation with the size specified by the type and no mipmaps generated by default
Candidate: creates an operation allocation between the specified type and <UNK> .

Sample 6056:
Reference: returns a string representation of this regular expression
Candidate: returns a string representation of this regular expression

Sample 6057:
Reference: returns true if the access flags include the public bit .
Candidate: returns true if the access flags include the public bit .

Sample 6058:
Reference: clear the selection status for all items
Candidate: clear the selection status for all items

Sample 6059:
Reference: returns true if this revoked certificate entry has extensions otherwise false .
Candidate: return whether or not the holder s certificate contains extensions .

Sample 6060:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 6061:
Reference: creates a new jcc instruction .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> instruction .

Sample 6062:
Reference: handle the connection changes for the block this anchor is attached to .
Candidate: handle the expression or types types types caused by the stream .

Sample 6063:
Reference: whether the external storage sdcard exists
Candidate: whether the external storage sdcard exists

Sample 6064:
Reference: connect to the log .
Candidate: connect to log in .

Sample 6065:
Reference: calculate the score up to this point for this doc and field
Candidate: this method is used to determine the number of <UNK> that have the given doc value

Sample 6066:
Reference: returns the longing i . e . how much the feature would be missed if not included in a recommendation list of a given size .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> value for the given variable .

Sample 6067:
Reference: checks if current buffer part contains given position .
Candidate: determine if the specified position contains the given .

Sample 6068:
Reference: inflate a new item hierarchy from the specified xml resource .
Candidate: inflate a resource rendering using the specified xml resource .

Sample 6069:
Reference: remember to call this method before selecting or deselection something otherwise it wont vibrate
Candidate: perform the app if there is the currently running

Sample 6070:
Reference: checks whether the specified column is currently visible .
Candidate: checks a a split of the given columns .

Sample 6071:
Reference: writes both a message and exception to this writer .
Candidate: writes both a message and exception to this writer .

Sample 6072:
Reference: extract a sub range of the array
Candidate: get a range of longs from

Sample 6073:
Reference: creates a manager instance in stopped state .
Candidate: lets the repository to to this session which is currently active .

Sample 6074:
Reference: create a new mmap ed file out of an existing apr file .
Candidate: create a new entry in a pool pool .

Sample 6075:
Reference: converts a string representation of an rcode into its numeric value
Candidate: converts a numeric value into a string .

Sample 6076:
Reference: updates the lvl information from the server .
Candidate: updates the lvl information from the server .

Sample 6077:
Reference: checks if the timer can be decreased
Candidate: returns true if the timer is accepting or not .

Sample 6078:
Reference: clears the content of the panel
Candidate: removes all the components from the history .

Sample 6079:
Reference: utility method to close a closeable .
Candidate: <UNK> method to close a <UNK> of the <UNK> and if it is not null

Sample 6080:
Reference: tells if change tracking is enabled .
Candidate: indicates whether the current track is pointing to a subscription .

Sample 6081:
Reference: replaces the entry for the given child page in the given parent page .
Candidate: replaces the parent entry into the given child page to the given parent page .

Sample 6082:
Reference: sets whether or not this capturedeviceinput tunes for antenna or cable if it s a tv tuner input
Candidate: returns whether or not this capturedeviceinput tunes to be included in ir that cannot be be .

Sample 6083:
Reference: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .
Candidate: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .

Sample 6084:
Reference: returns true if the specified color format is semi planar yuv .
Candidate: returns true if the specified color format is semi planar yuv .

Sample 6085:
Reference: unsubscribe from a topic
Candidate: unsubscribe from one or more topics

Sample 6086:
Reference: create a singleton instance of the guichooser
Candidate: creates the singleton instance

Sample 6087:
Reference: allows to start this activity
Candidate: allows to start this activity

Sample 6088:
Reference: adds the classpath for the loader as paths in the mergepath .
Candidate: add the classpath to the loader as paths in the mergepath .

Sample 6089:
Reference: update alliance members to some event of player
Candidate: update alliance of all players related to the alliance league

Sample 6090:
Reference: agents that do not match the filter criteria are removed from the set .
Candidate: applies the agent matching the filter criteria if it returns the result of .

Sample 6091:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 6092:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6093:
Reference: updates the value in the named column .
Candidate: updates the value in the named column .

Sample 6094:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 6095:
Reference: assign an object to a variable .
Candidate: <UNK> the given name by the given object .

Sample 6096:
Reference: this method should only be used by the underlying compute engine .
Candidate: configures key for key key key .

Sample 6097:
Reference: returns the number of elements in the list shorthand for getmodel . getsize
Candidate: get the size of the <UNK> object .

Sample 6098:
Reference: check whether all links are established
Candidate: check whether all links are established

Sample 6099:
Reference: remove a facet field
Candidate: remove a facet field

Sample 6100:
Reference: sends an http request and returns the whole content result in a string
Candidate: requests an http request and returns the result as a string .

Sample 6101:
Reference: expands calling conventions to make physical registers explicit in the ir when required for calls returns and the prologue .
Candidate: expand calls returns and add initialize code for arguments parms .

Sample 6102:
Reference: edits an instanceof expression overridable .
Candidate: edits an instanceof expression overridable .

Sample 6103:
Reference: checks whether a character is a separator whitespace .
Candidate: checks whether a given character is a valid separator .

Sample 6104:
Reference: this method returns the maximal skalar inside this vector .
Candidate: returns the actual element of the specified double value .

Sample 6105:
Reference: get the string encoded version of this object
Candidate: encode the header into a string .

Sample 6106:
Reference: updates the values range .
Candidate: updates the values range .

Sample 6107:
Reference: validates the specified transaction against all rules .
Candidate: validates the the provided data .

Sample 6108:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6109:
Reference: removed the table information
Candidate: removed the table information

Sample 6110:
Reference: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .
Candidate: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .

Sample 6111:
Reference: self api discover the meaning of the word only .
Candidate: discover the meaning of the word only .

Sample 6112:
Reference: sets the state and notifies all objects that wait on the serviceinfo .
Candidate: sets the state and notifies all objects that wait on the serviceinfo .

Sample 6113:
Reference: remove an error callback .
Candidate: remove an error callback .

Sample 6114:
Reference: wrap the granularity iterator in an iterable predicate for use in streaming .
Candidate: computes an interval for the given partition .

Sample 6115:
Reference: get the pojo property name of an getter setter
Candidate: get the pojo property name of an getter setter

Sample 6116:
Reference: add a replacement for this item .
Candidate: add a shaped shadow type to the engine .

Sample 6117:
Reference: creates new pseudo random id .
Candidate: gets a random uuid of the circuit log .

Sample 6118:
Reference: the completions will for now reside on another properties style file referenced by prefix . completions . file
Candidate: configure the provided properties with the provided prefix .

Sample 6119:
Reference: called when a menu item in has been selected .
Candidate: called when a menu item in has been selected .

Sample 6120:
Reference: inserts the element to the priority queue .
Candidate: inserts the element to the priority queue .

Sample 6121:
Reference: set edittext max length
Candidate: sets the length the length length to be displayed by the specified length

Sample 6122:
Reference: returns the landing page configuration for a given marketplace .
Candidate: loads the landing page configuration according to the given marketplace .

Sample 6123:
Reference: dst src aimm and sets condition flags .
Candidate: dst src aimm .

Sample 6124:
Reference: returns true if this is a text element false otherwise
Candidate: determines whether the text element is a text element and text field .

Sample 6125:
Reference: connect to the protection controller with the given address and credentials .
Candidate: connects to the specified network level .

Sample 6126:
Reference: checks whether the node is the last linked on the list chain .
Candidate: returns true if this node is a tail of its dominatortree .

Sample 6127:
Reference: method to enable logging with tag
Candidate: method this parcelable of logging

Sample 6128:
Reference: creates the specification p
Candidate: creates a specification for the the domain address in the specification .

Sample 6129:
Reference: invoked by accept to accept connection
Candidate: accept an incoming request and return the new stream id .

Sample 6130:
Reference: creates a new vocountryvatrate object and fills the fields with the corresponding fields from the given domain object .
Candidate: converts a <UNK> object in the <UNK> fields to a corresponding fields of the given domain object .

Sample 6131:
Reference: reverse the specified range of the specified array .
Candidate: reverse the specified range of the specified array .

Sample 6132:
Reference: checks whether the node is anonymous .
Candidate: returns if an attribute name is anonymous .

Sample 6133:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 6134:
Reference: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 6135:
Reference: adds the specified focus listener to receive focus events from this component .
Candidate: adds the specified focus listener to receive focus events from this component .

Sample 6136:
Reference: javascript uses this methods to call android code
Candidate: this method is used to read the native <UNK> of the process .

Sample 6137:
Reference: unset the down point and change the cursor back to the default
Candidate: unset the down point and change the cursoe back to the system default cursor

Sample 6138:
Reference: return a formatted string suitable for displaying in console or gui output containing all the statistics that this metric computes .
Candidate: return a formatted string suitable for displaying in console or gui output containing all the statistics that this metric computes .

Sample 6139:
Reference: commits the transaction if it was forced by the query .
Candidate: selectively be called when the session manager and if there are no longer available .

Sample 6140:
Reference: tests if the java virtual machine supports thread contention monitoring .
Candidate: tests if the java virtual machine supports thread contention monitoring .

Sample 6141:
Reference: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .
Candidate: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .

Sample 6142:
Reference: generates before body call .
Candidate: generates the code of the stack body and call .

Sample 6143:
Reference: returns a hashcode for the specified value .
Candidate: returns a hashcode for the specified value .

Sample 6144:
Reference: informs the scheduler that next time it wakes up it should send the value of the source data tag
Candidate: schedules the default value to use this cluster .

Sample 6145:
Reference: creates the node content of a function node .
Candidate: builds the content of a single function node

Sample 6146:
Reference: sets mslidingmenu as a newly inflated slidingmenu .
Candidate: sets mslidingmenu as a newly inflated slidingmenu .

Sample 6147:
Reference: check if there are sequences for given type
Candidate: check if we are a more of type <UNK>

Sample 6148:
Reference: remove the starting position for all players .
Candidate: stops all player changes a player if all changes .

Sample 6149:
Reference: load property from file .
Candidate: load the file from a file

Sample 6150:
Reference: removes the given instance of response listener from lwm m sender s list of response listeners .
Candidate: removes the listener listener

Sample 6151:
Reference: add a new value to the histogram .
Candidate: add the value to the output

Sample 6152:
Reference: called when a ping frame is received .
Candidate: reads the monitor frame id for this <UNK> .

Sample 6153:
Reference: record the current state of the network
Candidate: record the provided state shown in the directory .

Sample 6154:
Reference: list data listener interval removed method .
Candidate: list data listener interval removed method .

Sample 6155:
Reference: adapt a sax start element event .
Candidate: adapt a sax start element event .

Sample 6156:
Reference: you can only receive this quest when you have in your inventory .
Candidate: you only receive the quest when you have the quest .

Sample 6157:
Reference: returns the parameters in the specified encoding format .
Candidate: returns the parameters in the specified encoding format .

Sample 6158:
Reference: sends the value update for the given tag to the server if not filtered out by the daq core
Candidate: updates the message update the value not to a value

Sample 6159:
Reference: called when previous track button long clicked .
Candidate: called when the user is clicked on the button .

Sample 6160:
Reference: this method is for detached objects only .
Candidate: this this method for detached objects in the database .

Sample 6161:
Reference: checks if event dispatcher as an event handler assigned for a certain event type .
Candidate: check if the event type is included in the <UNK> .

Sample 6162:
Reference: returns false if image is in initial unzoomed state .
Candidate: returns false if image is in initial unzoomed state .

Sample 6163:
Reference: returns a test that will run each of the implementation specific test suites in turn .
Candidate: returns a test that will run each of the implementation specific test suites in turn .

Sample 6164:
Reference: flushes only internal buffer .
Candidate: flushes only internal buffer .

Sample 6165:
Reference: remove a tagview in specified position .
Candidate: remove a tagview in specified position .

Sample 6166:
Reference: clears list of delimiters determined .
Candidate: clears list of delimiters determined .

Sample 6167:
Reference: you recovered num mp due to the effect of skillname .
Candidate: you restored num damage due to the effect of skillname .

Sample 6168:
Reference: simulates the size change instruction .
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> threshold in the <UNK> list of marshalledinstances .

Sample 6169:
Reference: optimise all operations together .
Candidate: return the <UNK> to the <UNK> list of all the entities in success .

Sample 6170:
Reference: event bus post .
Candidate: called when the is the the thread to the download thread .

Sample 6171:
Reference: extract the uri part of a sip address
Candidate: extract the uri from the address address and address .

Sample 6172:
Reference: should pcr and optical duplicate records be excluded .
Candidate: inherit which order sensitive use in the <UNK> .

Sample 6173:
Reference: build the ordered scheduler .
Candidate: build the ordered scheduler .

Sample 6174:
Reference: returns a tcache cachemanager .
Candidate: get the subresource of this cache which is the to cache the cache .

Sample 6175:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented switch model to the <UNK> state .

Sample 6176:
Reference: the test signs and verifies a jar that contains entries whose signer certificate s keyusage extension doesn t allow code signing badkeyusage .
Candidate: the main signs and verifies a jar that is about to test .

Sample 6177:
Reference: checks whether the defined criteria of this instance match the specified crl .
Candidate: checks whether the defined criteria of this instance match the specified crl .

Sample 6178:
Reference: for letting us know whether or not the agent monitoring is enabled in core .
Candidate: checks whether the monitoring system is running . system .

Sample 6179:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6180:
Reference: append to the string builder the necessary sql to start the results at a certain row number .
Candidate: append a given value to the end of this module .

Sample 6181:
Reference: hook invoked after remove .
Candidate: called after a child view is removed from the set of <UNK> .

Sample 6182:
Reference: flushes the resources associated with the painter .
Candidate: flush any buffered output .

Sample 6183:
Reference: sets the session timeout .
Candidate: sets the timeout timeout to timeout .

Sample 6184:
Reference: modifica un tipo de documento vital .
Candidate: actualiza el tipo de documento vital .

Sample 6185:
Reference: update the key for a given entry .
Candidate: replace a new key . a new key .

Sample 6186:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 6187:
Reference: removes a listener from the set listening to this animation .
Candidate: removes a listener from the set listening to this animation .

Sample 6188:
Reference: remove the entity represented by this entitystate when the unit of work is completed .
Candidate: this method will be called when an instance is available .

Sample 6189:
Reference: language of the returned string values .
Candidate: language of the returned string values .

Sample 6190:
Reference: adds the given exiftag to its default ifd and returns an existing exiftag with the same tid or null if none exist .
Candidate: adds the given exiftag to its default ifd and returns an existing exiftag with the same tid or null if none exist .

Sample 6191:
Reference: change value by index in this result set
Candidate: change value by index in this result set

Sample 6192:
Reference: called when a zoom change is triggered .
Candidate: called when a zoom change is triggered .

Sample 6193:
Reference: validate the service state for coherence .
Candidate: validate the current document state .

Sample 6194:
Reference: save the tracking code if save is successful return updated potrackingcode in result
Candidate: save the specified status code to the <UNK> .

Sample 6195:
Reference: all promises must complete .
Candidate: all promises must complete .

Sample 6196:
Reference: adds the file value to the options .
Candidate: adds the string value to the options .

Sample 6197:
Reference: applies the specified theme to this drawable and its children .
Candidate: applies the specified theme to this drawable and its children .

Sample 6198:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports only data manipulation statements within a transaction .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports only data manipulation statements within a transaction .

Sample 6199:
Reference: before dispatch to the model
Candidate: before the model should start

Sample 6200:
Reference: check ownership of elective stream lock .
Candidate: check ownership of elective stream lock .

Sample 6201:
Reference: kill a currently running query on this thread .
Candidate: cancels the request that is sent to the server .

Sample 6202:
Reference: generate the sql file to create all the gisgraphy tables
Candidate: generate the sql create a new metadata file .

Sample 6203:
Reference: determines whether the system is a mac os x .
Candidate: tests if the os device is mac os x .

Sample 6204:
Reference: cancels timer offset is not reset u have to implement yourself .
Candidate: this method is called after the animation finishes

Sample 6205:
Reference: clears the pending audio data and reset the written samples counter
Candidate: flush all of the <UNK> to be sent to the <UNK> .

Sample 6206:
Reference: gets the value of the cannotshare property .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is already been parsed to the <UNK> or not .

Sample 6207:
Reference: performs a post with no request that will return a single task as a response .
Candidate: performs a post with a request that will return a single task as a response .

Sample 6208:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 6209:
Reference: builds up the buffer with the provided data and resets the buffer index after feed completion .
Candidate: builds up the buffer with the provided data and resets the buffer index after feed completion .

Sample 6210:
Reference: retrieve the most current schema for the given topic in order to create a new table in bigquery .
Candidate: retrieve the most current schema for the given topic in order to perform an update order .

Sample 6211:
Reference: tears down the instance .
Candidate: stops down the <UNK> that we re to start up the cluster .

Sample 6212:
Reference: registers the specified plugin loader
Candidate: registers an interface for a top level in the <UNK> .

Sample 6213:
Reference: add an item to the tool bar .
Candidate: add an item to the tool bar .

Sample 6214:
Reference: supports file birth creation time attribute
Candidate: checks if the jvm supports extended <UNK> or not .

Sample 6215:
Reference: get accept diners .
Candidate: returns if the <UNK> is a better to for an <UNK> .

Sample 6216:
Reference: invoked when a key has been released .
Candidate: invoked when a key has been released .

Sample 6217:
Reference: drop and remove the given local temporary index from this session .
Candidate: drop and remove the given local temporary index from this session .

Sample 6218:
Reference: schedules a task to be executed asynchronously after the specified delay is up .
Candidate: retrieves a task from task .

Sample 6219:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6220:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 6221:
Reference: determines whether indices are supported .
Candidate: returns whether the policy is the foreign key property .

Sample 6222:
Reference: removes all data associated with a particular task including any stored taskinfo and or taskstatus .
Candidate: clears the previously attempted task with the given name .

Sample 6223:
Reference: wait the shell command to complete by typing quit or exit
Candidate: called write write thread completes .

Sample 6224:
Reference: return a node describing a subsequence of the elements of this node starting at the given inclusive start offset and ending at the given exclusive end offset .
Candidate: a new range of entries .

Sample 6225:
Reference: returns true if node s is at head or there is an active fulfiller .
Candidate: returns true if node s is at head or there is an active fulfiller .

Sample 6226:
Reference: returns the value of the derivative of the loss function
Candidate: computes the first derivative of the first derivative

Sample 6227:
Reference: plugin cleanup finalize etc when program shutdown .
Candidate: clean up all resources associated with the webview .

Sample 6228:
Reference: finds the member as per details in the given event object and passes on this event for handling the cache closure .
Candidate: finds the cache as a details in the given event extract called on this event for handling the cache .

Sample 6229:
Reference: change the priority of a process .
Candidate: configure the native property using the native namespace .

Sample 6230:
Reference: returns whether this channel s socket is connected or not .
Candidate: indicates whether this channel s socket is connected .

Sample 6231:
Reference: recursively gets all files with a given extension contained in a directory
Candidate: scan a directory of all directory found in the directory directory found in the directory directory

Sample 6232:
Reference: this one clears the complete list of registered selection listeners .
Candidate: clears the list selection of this method

Sample 6233:
Reference: computes the scalar product of this vector with a scalar
Candidate: multiplies the polynomial by a scalar value .

Sample 6234:
Reference: receive notification of the beginning of a json object .
Candidate: receive notification of the beginning of a json object .

Sample 6235:
Reference: checks whether the outlinks field has been set
Candidate: checks whether the outlinks field has been set

Sample 6236:
Reference: are we on the last row of the result set ?
Candidate: are we on the ? set ?

Sample 6237:
Reference: configures additional properties for saving .
Candidate: configures the configuration to a file name .

Sample 6238:
Reference: check whether has root permission
Candidate: check whether has root permission

Sample 6239:
Reference: sign part of the xml document referred by the supplied id attribute using enveloped signatures and use exclusive xml canonicalization .
Candidate: sign part of the xml document referred by the supplied id attribute using enveloped signatures and use exclusive xml canonicalization .

Sample 6240:
Reference: reset the statistics to
Candidate: clear the state of this method to be reused .

Sample 6241:
Reference: bind the given message s substitution locations with the given string values .
Candidate: lookup the message with the given message in this catalog and bind its substitution locations with the given strings .

Sample 6242:
Reference: called when the request is successful
Candidate: called when the request fails

Sample 6243:
Reference: returns true if the specified character is a valid name start character as defined by production in the xml . specification .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is a valid name start character as defined by production in the xml . specification .

Sample 6244:
Reference: execute single synchronous operation against cassandra database .
Candidate: returns this handler to execute specified number of records specified by this operation .

Sample 6245:
Reference: add features by arrays
Candidate: add features by arrays

Sample 6246:
Reference: returns length of the string as characters
Candidate: returns the length number of bytes to be used for this font .

Sample 6247:
Reference: generate network pay load content from persisted content
Candidate: <UNK> wrapper for patch status from a network

Sample 6248:
Reference: tells the vm to disable the jit compiler .
Candidate: tells the vm to disable the jit compiler .

Sample 6249:
Reference: creates a deserializer that reads from the specified serializer .
Candidate: creates a deserializer that reads from the specified serializer .

Sample 6250:
Reference: fired when the mouse button is released .
Candidate: invoked when the user wants to receive up the the jni .

Sample 6251:
Reference: returns true if this type is a primitive .
Candidate: returns true if this type is a primitive .

Sample 6252:
Reference: determine whether the analysis should ignore given exception edge .
Candidate: determine if the specified resource is the filter edge .

Sample 6253:
Reference: invoked when a modifier is changed .
Candidate: called when the user has changed to the appearance or not .

Sample 6254:
Reference: converts an object value to bytesref .
Candidate: converts to lucene to its bytesref .

Sample 6255:
Reference: add argument with no parameters .
Candidate: add string argument with the default encoding .

Sample 6256:
Reference: no arguments to process so this does nothing .
Candidate: no arguments to process so this does nothing .

Sample 6257:
Reference: multiply the slice of the matrix that this column group represents by a vector on the right .
Candidate: <UNK> the right difference of the vector vector in the specified matrix .

Sample 6258:
Reference: unlocks the queue having the provided queuename by calling the vertx redisques api .
Candidate: release a queue that is identical to the queue .

Sample 6259:
Reference: hook to allow sub types to install more items in gui
Candidate: hook to allow sub types to install more items in gui

Sample 6260:
Reference: gets the coverage of the test cases by the predicted regions at the confidence level specified when evaluation was performed .
Candidate: gets the number of test cases by the <UNK> regions by the confidence instance of a new test if known .

Sample 6261:
Reference: an element starts but attributes are not fully known yet .
Candidate: an element starts but attributes are not fully known yet .

Sample 6262:
Reference: has reset false to be overwritten by concrete classes
Candidate: has reset false to be overwritten by concrete classes

Sample 6263:
Reference: resets the metric by discarding the recommendations previously added .
Candidate: resets this union to a virgin empty state .

Sample 6264:
Reference: loads an address value from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: loads an address value from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 6265:
Reference: synthesizes a pattern string that represents the current state of this format object .
Candidate: synthesizes a pattern string that represents the current state of this format object .

Sample 6266:
Reference: resize the text so that it fits
Candidate: resize the text so that it fits

Sample 6267:
Reference: in this scope or some enclosing scope is a given name defined as data via a local var or formal parameter declaration ?
Candidate: in this scope or some enclosing scope is defined or the given name ?

Sample 6268:
Reference: read a label from an object input stream .
Candidate: read a label from an object input stream .

Sample 6269:
Reference: saves the picture to a file in a standard image format .
Candidate: saves the editor to the empty file .

Sample 6270:
Reference: reads data saved on an entity
Candidate: load all needed data from the tag

Sample 6271:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6272:
Reference: does the operand represent a check cast ?
Candidate: does the operand represent a basic cast dependence ?

Sample 6273:
Reference: read bytearray object .
Candidate: this method will be used to read a byte array

Sample 6274:
Reference: copy the elements from the start to the end
Candidate: copy the elements from the start to the end

Sample 6275:
Reference: copies attributes from source application instance to destination instance .
Candidate: copies the profile application to the application lifecycle of the application .

Sample 6276:
Reference: returns true if the selection is currently empty .
Candidate: returns true if no indices are selected .

Sample 6277:
Reference: read some data out of the file .
Candidate: read some data out of the file .

Sample 6278:
Reference: invokes the generation process .
Candidate: generate the specified color entry using the specified .

Sample 6279:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6280:
Reference: pop the tail of this vector .
Candidate: pop the tail of this vector .

Sample 6281:
Reference: p return an mbeananalyzer for the given mbean interface and mbeanintrospector .
Candidate: instantiates an utility method that will be used to the query of the given type .

Sample 6282:
Reference: create a svg rectangle
Candidate: get a rectangle to grow by the x and y coordinates .

Sample 6283:
Reference: serializes this message to the provided stream .
Candidate: serializes this message to the provided stream .

Sample 6284:
Reference: handle an overflow in the structure .
Candidate: handle an overflow in the structure .

Sample 6285:
Reference: convenience method checks if contents has expectation marked with fixme marker
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is already computed through the <UNK> .

Sample 6286:
Reference: get is in payroll .
Candidate: is if this is is in payroll .

Sample 6287:
Reference: informs the state machine of the arrival of a discover packet .
Candidate: tells the state machine of the arrival machine .

Sample 6288:
Reference: check if debug mode is enabled .
Candidate: checks if connector is in debug mode .

Sample 6289:
Reference: traverse to the next node after the current node .
Candidate: traverse to the next node after the current node .

Sample 6290:
Reference: description of the package .
Candidate: the string representation of the annotation reference .

Sample 6291:
Reference: returns true if the method has called it s super method .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> out if the instructions are a known call .

Sample 6292:
Reference: invoke this method to unregister a view hierarchy .
Candidate: invoke this method to unregister a view hierarchy .

Sample 6293:
Reference: applied directly to closeable objects will register the object to be closed together with the module .
Candidate: completes the last directory and executes the specified module .

Sample 6294:
Reference: write an integer to the console .
Candidate: write an integer to to the output .

Sample 6295:
Reference: close a sequence .
Candidate: close the sequence sequence .

Sample 6296:
Reference: is the specific address allowed ?
Candidate: check whether the specified address is allowed to be replaced with a locomotive address

Sample 6297:
Reference: connect without reconnect if connected
Candidate: connects to the jms broker .

Sample 6298:
Reference: get records deletable .
Candidate: get records deletable .

Sample 6299:
Reference: obtains the string representation of this object .
Candidate: obtains the string representation of this object .

Sample 6300:
Reference: computes the smooth vertex normals for the entire mesh .
Candidate: compute the vertex s a vertex ordering of all faces .

Sample 6301:
Reference: ganglia metadata record .
Candidate: generate an explicit record for the given record .

Sample 6302:
Reference: convert tagdata to rawdata ready for writing to file
Candidate: converts a raw data to an object to a byte with desired encoding .

Sample 6303:
Reference: ends any current software animations jumping the values to their end state .
Candidate: ends any current software animations jumping the values to their end state .

Sample 6304:
Reference: can be overridden by clients to perform expensive initializations of the refactoring
Candidate: can be overridden by clients to perform expensive initializations of the refactoring

Sample 6305:
Reference: tear down test setup .
Candidate: tear down a number of entries in the given name .

Sample 6306:
Reference: used to verify if a transaction with a given id is hosted by this txmanager .
Candidate: checks if this <UNK> is a <UNK> state in the future

Sample 6307:
Reference: adds the specified character to self .
Candidate: adds the specified character to self .

Sample 6308:
Reference: returns whether this key is using the compressed form or not .
Candidate: returns whether this key is compressed compressed encoded key of the input key .

Sample 6309:
Reference: report a readed card .
Candidate: mark the read stream to the the number of bytes written by the .

Sample 6310:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 6311:
Reference: method called when the level has been completed successfully
Candidate: called when the compression was completed successfully .

Sample 6312:
Reference: performs a query to the solr server
Candidate: performs a query to the solr server

Sample 6313:
Reference: see if the handler is displaying labels at a global level .
Candidate: determine if this event should be called when the <UNK> is not visible .

Sample 6314:
Reference: wrapper method for winregistrywrapper . winregsubkeyexist .
Candidate: returns true if the key exist for enter key .

Sample 6315:
Reference: launch intellij window without any project or start menu showing
Candidate: prompt the application to handle the keyguard .

Sample 6316:
Reference: call when the object is no longer needed to close the database
Candidate: destroy the provider may do some <UNK>

Sample 6317:
Reference: test if we have already inherited our interface parameters
Candidate: test if we have already inherited our interface parameters

Sample 6318:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 6319:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 6320:
Reference: update fm recorder mode with given mode from fm service
Candidate: dismiss the we accepted the current time and optionally re equal to highlight

Sample 6321:
Reference: tell if the given locpathiterator is relative to an absolute path i . e .
Candidate: tell if the given locpathiterator is relative to an absolute path i . e .

Sample 6322:
Reference: create an xmlfilter based on the templates argument . .
Candidate: create an xmlfilter based on the templates argument . .

Sample 6323:
Reference: add all methods from the jar file .
Candidate: adds all static method to the <UNK> method of classes .

Sample 6324:
Reference: todo copy from map
Candidate: add an entry key value into the map .

Sample 6325:
Reference: fetch raw data and emit the parsed result to the next bolt
Candidate: the method will be called from a set of <UNK> .

Sample 6326:
Reference: if network hardware on a node was replaced the identity will change .
Candidate: returns a <UNK> that can already use in the <UNK> table .

Sample 6327:
Reference: create pooled datasource server
Candidate: create pooled datasource server

Sample 6328:
Reference: log an error message and abort processing .
Candidate: log an error message and abort processing .

Sample 6329:
Reference: dispatch the onthirdpartyregistered to the listeners .
Candidate: dispatch the <UNK> to the listeners .

Sample 6330:
Reference: decrement number of assertions or artifacts in the saml caches .
Candidate: decrement a counter for an idp in a realm .

Sample 6331:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an embedded message in lazy field including tag .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an embedded message in lazy field including tag .

Sample 6332:
Reference: increment a integer property with the given delta .
Candidate: increment a byte property with the given delta .

Sample 6333:
Reference: check that google play services apk is installed and up to date .
Candidate: check that google play services apk is installed and up to date .

Sample 6334:
Reference: draw a straight line through the points
Candidate: draw a straight line through the points .

Sample 6335:
Reference: decrypt the encrypted assertion .
Candidate: return an encrypted keys in that contains encrypted data .

Sample 6336:
Reference: appends the specified element to the end of this list .
Candidate: appends the specified element to the end of this list .

Sample 6337:
Reference: checks if the value contains valid characters is not to long for an user id and has no leading and tailing blanks
Candidate: checks that the value isn t too long for the role <UNK> and no longer present in the range .

Sample 6338:
Reference: register a file provider .
Candidate: register a file provider .

Sample 6339:
Reference: initializes the comments of a group node .
Candidate: initializes the comments of a text node without any database access .

Sample 6340:
Reference: reads eight bytes and returns a long .
Candidate: reads eight bytes and returns a long long value .

Sample 6341:
Reference: drop anything the player is carrying that is ctf related todo probably goes elsewhere more general support class
Candidate: drop all the items for the player player .

Sample 6342:
Reference: discover networks shares using a list of discoverers
Candidate: discover networks shares using a specified discoverer

Sample 6343:
Reference: invoked when an upstream load is started .
Candidate: invoked when an upstream load is started .

Sample 6344:
Reference: cast result object to a string .
Candidate: cast result object to a string .

Sample 6345:
Reference: toggle the slidingmenu .
Candidate: toggle the slidingmenu .

Sample 6346:
Reference: reset the count in increment mode
Candidate: reset the count in increment mode

Sample 6347:
Reference: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .
Candidate: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .

Sample 6348:
Reference: returns true if there s another proxy to try .
Candidate: returns true if there s another proxy to try .

Sample 6349:
Reference: if we are currently animating we stop it first before starting a new animation from the current position
Candidate: cancels the animation animation .

Sample 6350:
Reference: shortcut to search by name .
Candidate: filter a set by by by by replicating by node name .

Sample 6351:
Reference: returns whether the label would be affected by a change to the given property of the given element .
Candidate: returns whether the label would be affected by a change to the given property of the given element .

Sample 6352:
Reference: performs deadlock detection for given keys .
Candidate: gets worker grantor for transaction <UNK> and returns the <UNK> of instructions .

Sample 6353:
Reference: unsubscribe from subscribed topic .
Candidate: unregister a topic topic to the topic .

Sample 6354:
Reference: adds or updates a vendor product pair in the table .
Candidate: adds or updates a vendor product pair in the table .

Sample 6355:
Reference: creates a minimal video format .
Candidate: creates a minimal video format .

Sample 6356:
Reference: returns whether this event is marked as dirty .
Candidate: returns whether the data is dirty

Sample 6357:
Reference: downgrade a failure to a message and a warning then an exception for the junit test runner to mark as failed
Candidate: build a new error that to failed due to a failed reason .

Sample 6358:
Reference: method with action for method run in timer
Candidate: called pipeline perform an operation .

Sample 6359:
Reference: override this to change corecontainer initialization
Candidate: override this to change corecontainer initialization

Sample 6360:
Reference: merges the specified tree as a child under the current node .
Candidate: merge the <UNK> node into the current frequency tree

Sample 6361:
Reference: update the historical of this attribute after a delete value .
Candidate: delete the historical information with a value attribute .

Sample 6362:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 6363:
Reference: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .
Candidate: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .

Sample 6364:
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message

Sample 6365:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6366:
Reference: dumb not an instance of holding two different locks while waiting
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> thread to wait for the <UNK> .

Sample 6367:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the remove button .
Candidate: called any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the remove button .

Sample 6368:
Reference: after using a given ble device the app must call this method to ensure resources are released properly .
Candidate: after using a given ble device the app must call this method to ensure resources are released properly .

Sample 6369:
Reference: tell if the table contains the given string .
Candidate: tell if the table contains the given string .

Sample 6370:
Reference: add a new recipe with optional outputs duplicates will not be added .
Candidate: add a new recipe with optional outputs duplicates will not be added .

Sample 6371:
Reference: returns whether undo support is enabled
Candidate: returns whether undo support is enabled

Sample 6372:
Reference: returns an append request builder for an existing request .
Candidate: returns a append builder builder for an existing message .

Sample 6373:
Reference: starts an activity to with the stored parameters .
Candidate: launches the activity when your user wants to resume the

Sample 6374:
Reference: returns a name for a map field value s type .
Candidate: returns a alternative name for the field .

Sample 6375:
Reference: check whether the details for this instance of rya have been initialized or not .
Candidate: indicates whether the repository has been initialized .

Sample 6376:
Reference: writes the given float to the current position and increases the position by .
Candidate: writes the given float to the current position and increases the position by .

Sample 6377:
Reference: visits a declared type .
Candidate: visits a declared type .

Sample 6378:
Reference: tests if a class is a class of or a sub class of the parent .
Candidate: tests if a class is a class of or a sub class of the parent .

Sample 6379:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids for fields that may be accessed from c .
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 6380:
Reference: removes all mappings from this map .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this map .

Sample 6381:
Reference: check whether the esptouch task is cancelled by user
Candidate: check whether the task is cancelled by user

Sample 6382:
Reference: removes all the values from the series .
Candidate: removes all the values from the series .

Sample 6383:
Reference: after the garbage collector has done its job we need to clean the cache from references to all the evicted memoized values .
Candidate: clean up all non null references to the cache thread .

Sample 6384:
Reference: returns an arbitrary value presumably constructed during the object graph traversal .
Candidate: the result of the operation

Sample 6385:
Reference: appends a boolean value followed by a new line to the string builder .
Candidate: appends a boolean value followed by a new line to the string builder .

Sample 6386:
Reference: generate next prev links for pager class .
Candidate: generate a pending interface this will be called in the list of <UNK> .

Sample 6387:
Reference: initializes an auto loading map using a hashmap
Candidate: initializes an auto loading map using a hashmap

Sample 6388:
Reference: removes the breakpoint mark in the gutter on the given line . br does nothing if there is no breakpoint on this line .
Candidate: removes the breakpoint mark in the gutter on the given line . br does nothing if there is no breakpoint on this line .

Sample 6389:
Reference: suspends encoding of the stream .
Candidate: suspends encoding of the stream .

Sample 6390:
Reference: casts a value to a xml text
Candidate: construct a text in a text

Sample 6391:
Reference: removes a group properties listener .
Candidate: remove a group properties listener .

Sample 6392:
Reference: check permissions for streaming .
Candidate: checks if security permission is present or disabled

Sample 6393:
Reference: creates a new float lexical unit .
Candidate: creates a new float lexical unit .

Sample 6394:
Reference: check whether a specific item in a section is selected or if the entire section is selected
Candidate: check if section is selected in a particular state

Sample 6395:
Reference: stores short value into byte array assuming that value should be stored in little endian byte order and native byte order is big endian .
Candidate: stores given value value assuming that value should be stored in little endian byte order and native byte order is big endian .

Sample 6396:
Reference: stops the cache and network dispatchers .
Candidate: stops the cache and network dispatchers .

Sample 6397:
Reference: set the order to ascending .
Candidate: causes the order to ascending .

Sample 6398:
Reference: creates a list from an array of elements null safe .
Candidate: creates a list from an array of elements null safe .

Sample 6399:
Reference: returns the hash code value for this timestamp .
Candidate: returns the hash code value for this timestamp .

Sample 6400:
Reference: bind the specified stream to the current thread .
Candidate: bind the specified stream to the current thread .

Sample 6401:
Reference: writes a message to the console .
Candidate: write helper to write writer for debug file .

Sample 6402:
Reference: returns the string representation of the object
Candidate: get the null string value .

Sample 6403:
Reference: returns if the bounding points of the first and last visible ones should be displayed .
Candidate: returns if the bounding points of the first and last visible ones should be displayed .

Sample 6404:
Reference: readdata dummy function .
Candidate: readdata dummy function .

Sample 6405:
Reference: creates a new response from a status line .
Candidate: creates a new response from a status line .

Sample 6406:
Reference: adds a button listener .
Candidate: adds a button listener .

Sample 6407:
Reference: overloads the leftshift operator for writer to allow an object to be written using groovy s default representation for the object .
Candidate: overloads the leftshift operator to provide an easy way to append back to a writer .

Sample 6408:
Reference: tests whether the resource denoted by this abstract pathname exists .
Candidate: checks if a file exists .

Sample 6409:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 6410:
Reference: returns true if the simulation is paused .
Candidate: returns if if the simulation is paused .

Sample 6411:
Reference: performs any subclass specific tasks when the tab crashes .
Candidate: performs the subclass specific action when the tab crashes .

Sample 6412:
Reference: returns true if field a is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field b is set to set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 6413:
Reference: convert penn to universal .
Candidate: converts a <UNK> to string with the default tag .

Sample 6414:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .

Sample 6415:
Reference: below method will be used to close the thrift object
Candidate: below method will be used to close the thrift object

Sample 6416:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 6417:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when an item in this adapterview has been clicked .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when an item in this adapterview has been clicked .

Sample 6418:
Reference: set the file path of an external timed text .
Candidate: set the file path of an external timed text .

Sample 6419:
Reference: exposes the underlying step of the list .
Candidate: returns the step value .

Sample 6420:
Reference: submits a value returning task for execution and returns a future representing the pending results of the task .
Candidate: submits a value returning task for execution and returns a future representing the pending results of the task .

Sample 6421:
Reference: update position of visibleobject used when object is moving on one map instance .
Candidate: update auxiliary position to the and updates the the specified interval .

Sample 6422:
Reference: send byte array to queue
Candidate: send byte array to queue

Sample 6423:
Reference: updates the element structure in response to a change in the document .
Candidate: updates the element structure in response to a change in the document .

Sample 6424:
Reference: return true if this is ignorablewhitespace .
Candidate: returns whether if this is a white space point in the <UNK> .

Sample 6425:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6426:
Reference: whether or not the activity was started up via a valid intent .
Candidate: whether or not the activity was started up up a valid intent .

Sample 6427:
Reference: flushes the internal buffer .
Candidate: flushes the internal buffer .

Sample 6428:
Reference: the shard id this group relates to .
Candidate: get the id of the which should be canceled

Sample 6429:
Reference: listen bluetooth gatt callback and send a delayed message .
Candidate: listen blebluetooth gatt callback and send a delayed message .

Sample 6430:
Reference: validate storage provider connection .
Candidate: validate a vplex storage provider connection .

Sample 6431:
Reference: greatest common divider int
Candidate: can be the int in the mod which can be the same power which can be similarly iterated

Sample 6432:
Reference: called when the user quickly moves the finger from down to up .
Candidate: called when the user quickly moves the finger from down to up .

Sample 6433:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6434:
Reference: rollback to previous state
Candidate: roll back the previous transaction .

Sample 6435:
Reference: receives the next request entity available from this connection and attaches it to an existing request .
Candidate: receives the next request entity available from this connection and attaches it to an existing request .

Sample 6436:
Reference: call invoke a method .
Candidate: call invoke a method .

Sample 6437:
Reference: overloads the left shift operator to provide an easy way to add components to a menu . p
Candidate: overloads the left shift operator to provide an easy way to add components to a menu . p

Sample 6438:
Reference: removes any currently applied constraints from this particle .
Candidate: remove any constraints constraints from this type and remove it from a collection

Sample 6439:
Reference: called by the halogwriter to close the log file with the committing rootblock .
Candidate: writes the <UNK> block to the log file and closes the <UNK> file .

Sample 6440:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 6441:
Reference: deletes a local edge comment from the lost of comments associated with the given edge .
Candidate: deletes a local comment from the list of comment associated to an edge .

Sample 6442:
Reference: returns a key consisting of statuskey attributeoptioncombo .
Candidate: return the key key with any of <UNK> and would have to be the .

Sample 6443:
Reference: called each time the swipe gets a new event updating the swipe position .
Candidate: called each time the swipe gets a new position .

Sample 6444:
Reference: determines whether the delivery rule is set to onlyreciept
Candidate: determines whether the delivery rule is set to <UNK>

Sample 6445:
Reference: save data for pep descriptor data .
Candidate: save the standard metadata for pep descriptor .

Sample 6446:
Reference: returns number of bags .
Candidate: return number number of predictions that have the total number of distribution .

Sample 6447:
Reference: add a translation text to the current map map
Candidate: adds a translation to the manifest

Sample 6448:
Reference: returns whether the directory server believes this connection to be valid and available for communication .
Candidate: returns if this connection is valid to be valid in the following room .

Sample 6449:
Reference: check if the current state is at rest
Candidate: check if the current state is at rest

Sample 6450:
Reference: tests if wheel is cyclic .
Candidate: tests if wheel is cyclic .

Sample 6451:
Reference: copy an array into part of this allocation .
Candidate: copy an array into part of this allocation .

Sample 6452:
Reference: this needs to be called before anything else because we need the media factory .
Candidate: this needs to be called before anything else because we need the media factory .

Sample 6453:
Reference: obtains a local date in this chronology from the era year of era and day of year fields .
Candidate: obtains a local date in this chronology from the era year of era and day of year fields .

Sample 6454:
Reference: get an iterator over all the items contained in this aggregate .
Candidate: get an iterator over all the items contained in this aggregate .

Sample 6455:
Reference: creates a uri from a string representation of a uri or a path .
Candidate: create a uri from a uri and returns a uri for an image using the given uri .

Sample 6456:
Reference: serve requests with https rather than otherwise .
Candidate: serve requests with https rather than otherwise .

Sample 6457:
Reference: discard the changes and close the popup .
Candidate: discards this pending window .

Sample 6458:
Reference: performs an authentication in a web application returning an authenticated .
Candidate: authenticates the session session and method to a user management method

Sample 6459:
Reference: execute a heapify downwards aka siftdown .
Candidate: returns true if the requested indices in the launcher is up to the specified range .

Sample 6460:
Reference: send error to response object .
Candidate: this method does it was rejected by the http response .

Sample 6461:
Reference: a function that folds a value into a mutable result container .
Candidate: function folds elements into container .

Sample 6462:
Reference: set the tag of this item
Candidate: set the tag of this item

Sample 6463:
Reference: used with serialization .
Candidate: used with serialization .

Sample 6464:
Reference: format a byte array to the java source code that represents this object .
Candidate: format a byte array to the java source code that represents this object .

Sample 6465:
Reference: generates a new bayesian network that only contains a subset of variables in the original network and integrates the provided evidence .
Candidate: generates a bayesian network that contains a subset of query variables within the query assuming no bindings assuming the result .

Sample 6466:
Reference: check if thumbnail exists .
Candidate: check if thumbnail exists .

Sample 6467:
Reference: covert the network into xml .
Candidate: gets the xml representation of the given network .

Sample 6468:
Reference: returns the number of values that have been evicted .
Candidate: returns the number of values that have been evicted .

Sample 6469:
Reference: initialize the transfer object .
Candidate: initialize the stream by the underlying writer .

Sample 6470:
Reference: should a field with a set of modifiers be declared with horizontal annotations ?
Candidate: returns the modifiers field corresponding to the <UNK> .

Sample 6471:
Reference: increment the federation sp session counter .
Candidate: increment the attempted session for the number of session <UNK> .

Sample 6472:
Reference: the user input was parsed as valid sentence but could not transformed into a behaviour request .
Candidate: notify the implementation of a request explaining how a request request .

Sample 6473:
Reference: copies the file to a destination file
Candidate: copy the contents of a file

Sample 6474:
Reference: checks if nodes are in the same strongly connnected component .
Candidate: determine method provides equals for the equals object .

Sample 6475:
Reference: called when the output or input stream is closed .
Candidate: sets whether the listener that it has been . .

Sample 6476:
Reference: the method where a graphic and an action to take on the graphic arrives .
Candidate: method where the editorlayer lets the tool know that the editing function has come full circle so the user interface can be adjusted .

Sample 6477:
Reference: resets deflater so that a new set of input data can be processed .
Candidate: resets deflater so that a new set of input data can be processed .

Sample 6478:
Reference: gets the relative path to resources used by the specified plugin object
Candidate: gets the path of the specified plugin object

Sample 6479:
Reference: consume a character from the scanner
Candidate: consumes the current token in the to see if it is the .

Sample 6480:
Reference: called for every message received from a client
Candidate: called when new chunk of data is has changed .

Sample 6481:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 6482:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 6483:
Reference: gets memory size occupied by lru queue .
Candidate: gets memory size occupied by lru queue .

Sample 6484:
Reference: stores password into shared state map .
Candidate: store the name as a hash for the structure .

Sample 6485:
Reference: returns a new simulation object from the given file .
Candidate: returns a new simulation object from the given file .

Sample 6486:
Reference: compiles a given epl into an object model representation of the query .
Candidate: utility method to parse a logical statement in the following list of its name and mark .

Sample 6487:
Reference: sets the segment identifier .
Candidate: gets long to id .

Sample 6488:
Reference: returns the number of bits used by this structure .
Candidate: returns the number of bits used by this structure .

Sample 6489:
Reference: create a default bundle for launchsourceproviders to fill in their data .
Candidate: create a default bundle for launchsourceproviders to fill in their data .

Sample 6490:
Reference: release a session freeing up the slot for reuse
Candidate: close a given <UNK> handle the given handle and link

Sample 6491:
Reference: encapsulates the editing code which is specific to the platform some platforms would allow in place editing midp does not .
Candidate: override this method to specify an context to it in a callserially s <UNK> .

Sample 6492:
Reference: called when an item in the navigation drawer is selected .
Candidate: called when an item in the navigation drawer is selected .

Sample 6493:
Reference: return whether or not given opcode is a branch instruction .
Candidate: is the instruction is an intraprocedural branch ?

Sample 6494:
Reference: abstracts out the createjsonresourcetype method so that we can easily test this class .
Candidate: creates json <UNK> type from a jsonvalue .

Sample 6495:
Reference: like above but ignores any cells occupied by the item ignoreview
Candidate: find the given cell with the given cell and overwrite it to the cell cell .

Sample 6496:
Reference: returns true if authentication failed .
Candidate: get whether the authentication has a failed property .

Sample 6497:
Reference: read an integer value in the registry
Candidate: read and returns an integer value as a string value

Sample 6498:
Reference: duplicates the selected region .
Candidate: generate an item this indexed twice .

Sample 6499:
Reference: releases the native visualizer resources .
Candidate: releases the native audiorecord resources .

Sample 6500:
Reference: oredictionary specific single output crystallization
Candidate: adds a <UNK> to relationship the the seed value the the seed with the underscore .

Sample 6501:
Reference: set the canonicalizer behaviour to not reset .
Candidate: if the body to ignore the <UNK> before being passed is

Sample 6502:
Reference: remove a morph listener previous added
Candidate: remove a listener that will be called when the animation receives a events

Sample 6503:
Reference: checks whether this preference s dependents should currently be disabled .
Candidate: checks whether this preference s dependents should currently be disabled .

Sample 6504:
Reference: allow shadow when in checked state .
Candidate: allow the <UNK> to check if the user wants to confirm the visibility view .

Sample 6505:
Reference: checks the given cause to determine if it s already an ioexception type and if not creates a new ioexception to wrap it .
Candidate: creates the exception message .

Sample 6506:
Reference: gets the state of thunder that the world is being set to
Candidate: gets the state of thunder that the world is being set to

Sample 6507:
Reference: resets table to its initial empty state .
Candidate: resets table to its initial empty state .

Sample 6508:
Reference: converts a null terminated byte array to java string
Candidate: converts a byte array byte array to java string

Sample 6509:
Reference: updates the enabled status of the ui elements depending on the task according to the current task status .
Candidate: updates the enabled status of the ui elements depending on the task according to the current task status .

Sample 6510:
Reference: are we currently updating the document ?
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is already update or not .

Sample 6511:
Reference: tests whether this node is readonly .
Candidate: tests whether this node is readonly .

Sample 6512:
Reference: determine if applet is targeted for jdk . .
Candidate: return whether the <UNK> is a better type .

Sample 6513:
Reference: append an element to the typeargument list .
Candidate: append an element to the typeargument list .

Sample 6514:
Reference: writes an unsigned short into the bytebuffer at a specified position
Candidate: writes an unsigned short into the bytebuffer at a specified position

Sample 6515:
Reference: processes the parsed command line options .
Candidate: process the command line options if the program is .

Sample 6516:
Reference: tag the avatar with the emotions .
Candidate: tag the avatar with the <UNK> .

Sample 6517:
Reference: computes approximative types .
Candidate: computes approximative types .

Sample 6518:
Reference: create a pointer out of a native memory address
Candidate: create a pointer out of a native memory address

Sample 6519:
Reference: returns whether two definition records are the same .
Candidate: unlike the standard form java notice that this this should return true if this rule is genetically identical to the other java .

Sample 6520:
Reference: returns whether the cursor is pointing to the position before the first row .
Candidate: returns whether the cursor is pointing to the position before the first row .

Sample 6521:
Reference: creates a node that receives routed objects from the network can only connect to one other node
Candidate: creates a new node node with the <UNK> node .

Sample 6522:
Reference: releases bw used by a container .
Candidate: clean up the system references to use this container .

Sample 6523:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of http method to

Sample 6524:
Reference: add a node .
Candidate: add the node to the list of use .

Sample 6525:
Reference: answers a lifo queue as a view of a deque .
Candidate: answers a lifo queue as a view of a deque .

Sample 6526:
Reference: creates a copy of bytes and appends b to the end of it
Candidate: creates a copy of bytes and b to b

Sample 6527:
Reference: writes all buffered data from this stream to the underlying stream but does not flush underlying stream .
Candidate: writes all buffered data from this stream to the underlying stream but does not flush underlying stream .

Sample 6528:
Reference: checks if a response message contains a body .
Candidate: checks if a response message contains a body .

Sample 6529:
Reference: successive camera preview frame data
Candidate: successive camera preview frame data

Sample 6530:
Reference: handles an exception that was thrown while executing the batch operation
Candidate: used to call exception to throw an exception with exception .

Sample 6531:
Reference: deletes data values registered with as value and associated with data elements with sum as aggregation operator .
Candidate: deletes data values registered with as associated with with data operator and associated elements with sum as an aggregation . .

Sample 6532:
Reference: logs the given message instance using the warn level
Candidate: logs the given message instance using the warn level

Sample 6533:
Reference: undo the move on the game state .
Candidate: undo the move on the given tictactoe state .

Sample 6534:
Reference: abort following a fatal error .
Candidate: abort following a fatal error .

Sample 6535:
Reference: finds a view that was identified by the id attribute from the xml that was processed in oncreate bundle .
Candidate: finds a view that was identified by the id attribute from the xml that was processed in oncreate bundle .

Sample 6536:
Reference: actually does something with the satellite .
Candidate: performs an action here to handle part on a player .

Sample 6537:
Reference: closes the given directory context .
Candidate: gets the <UNK> that was used to lookup the key value

Sample 6538:
Reference: read byte at given offset
Candidate: read a byte an integer

Sample 6539:
Reference: a simple callback where out of photo happened
Candidate: a simple callback where out of photo happened

Sample 6540:
Reference: make the data persistent
Candidate: save the git configuration to the root file and writes it to the <UNK> file .

Sample 6541:
Reference: convert a reference to a unicode character .
Candidate: convert a reference to a unicode character .

Sample 6542:
Reference: remove a plotter from the graph
Candidate: remove a plotter from the graph

Sample 6543:
Reference: evaluate this operation directly to a double .
Candidate: evaluate this operation directly to a double .

Sample 6544:
Reference: closes this cache .
Candidate: closes this cache .

Sample 6545:
Reference: assigns the specified short value to each element of the specified array of shorts .
Candidate: assigns the specified short value to each element of the specified array of shorts .

Sample 6546:
Reference: make this recipe item repeatable so it can be used or more time in crafting grid .
Candidate: returns this tag that can be used in the current order that line in the current line tree that it appears in the current line tree .

Sample 6547:
Reference: calculates the number of days between two dates .
Candidate: calculates the number of days between two between and day .

Sample 6548:
Reference: remove element from pipeline tail .
Candidate: this will returns the element of this . .

Sample 6549:
Reference: this method converts dp unit to equivalent pixels depending on device density .
Candidate: this method converts dp unit to equivalent pixels depending on device density .

Sample 6550:
Reference: validates the container unconditionally .
Candidate: called whenever the component hierarchy has been changed .

Sample 6551:
Reference: the number of pixels from the top of a line of text to the baseline .
Candidate: return the distance between this the from the baseline .

Sample 6552:
Reference: get raw access to underlying array of row indices for use in gpu code
Candidate: returns the index of docs that the <UNK> bin to be recalculated for each row .

Sample 6553:
Reference: checks arguments for validity and throws an exception if they are not .
Candidate: checks arguments for arguments and throws an exception .

Sample 6554:
Reference: re links a target volume to an array snapshot on the passed storage system .
Candidate: the <UNK> a a target volume to an array snapshot on the passed storage system .

Sample 6555:
Reference: adds static aspects to the specified entry
Candidate: adds static aspects to the specified

Sample 6556:
Reference: rearranges the array of bit integers in ascending order .
Candidate: rearranges the specified number in ascending order .

Sample 6557:
Reference: request components that attached to this model to re render a range of row .
Candidate: request components that attached to this model to re render a range of row .

Sample 6558:
Reference: returns best effort sized stringbuilder based on the given collection size .
Candidate: returns best effort sized stringbuilder based on the given collection size .

Sample 6559:
Reference: called to indicate an info or a warning .
Candidate: called to indicate an info or a warning .

Sample 6560:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 6561:
Reference: do we have a complete client side cache of all records for this datasource ?
Candidate: returns whether the not the query data is ordered set to .

Sample 6562:
Reference: specifies the expectation that stream should exist idempotence is not guaranteed .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> that exists to the most expected version of .

Sample 6563:
Reference: adds the list of as metadata names to the existing list of as metadata the compiler should keep in the swf .
Candidate: adds the list of actionscript metadata to the existing list of actionscript <UNK> and comments .

Sample 6564:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 6565:
Reference: prints command line usage .
Candidate: prints command line usage .

Sample 6566:
Reference: removes all values from this attribute .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 6567:
Reference: send a stream s byte tuples in a websocket binary message .
Candidate: send a stream s byte tuples in a websocket binary message .

Sample 6568:
Reference: stop all animations including shrinking and progressing .
Candidate: stop the <UNK> so that it is stop and paused .

Sample 6569:
Reference: adds the quest to the world .
Candidate: called by <UNK> to push it to the workbench .

Sample 6570:
Reference: add a preprocessor directive like define extension version etc .
Candidate: add a preprocessor directive like define extension version etc .

Sample 6571:
Reference: determines if character is a line separator in the current mode
Candidate: determines if character is a line separator in the current mode

Sample 6572:
Reference: returns the enabled state of the external application implemented zoom .
Candidate: returns the enabled state of the external application implemented zoom .

Sample 6573:
Reference: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .
Candidate: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .

Sample 6574:
Reference: this method animates the properties of the view specific to the animation object .
Candidate: this method animates the properties of the view object .

Sample 6575:
Reference: this method returns if snapshot is created for the specified generation number in the specified index directory .
Candidate: returns this returns a if is is created for the specified index directory in the current index directory .

Sample 6576:
Reference: resumes all the resource downloads associated to this library .
Candidate: resumes that control the lifecycle of the view .

Sample 6577:
Reference: adds a odorworldentity object to this map .
Candidate: add a sprite to this container .

Sample 6578:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new deployment instance for one generation using the default implementation .

Sample 6579:
Reference: converts pluginscollectionconfig to xml
Candidate: converts pluginscollectionconfig to xml

Sample 6580:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 6581:
Reference: shortcut method with criteria
Candidate: shortcut method with criteria

Sample 6582:
Reference: returns a pattern string describing this date format .
Candidate: returns the pattern of this simple date format using non localized pattern characters .

Sample 6583:
Reference: construct a cases instance from a list of pattern matching cases will execute sequentially when match is called .
Candidate: construct a cases that match the same order for each execute is sequentially when match is called .

Sample 6584:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6585:
Reference: this method loads a crl from the given base encoded string .
Candidate: this method loads a pem string from a pkcs signature .

Sample 6586:
Reference: when data call back success
Candidate: when data call back success

Sample 6587:
Reference: handles an ldap intermediate response message .
Candidate: handles an error response response .

Sample 6588:
Reference: called when the update was offline but failed e . g .
Candidate: called when the error detected in the <UNK> is detected .

Sample 6589:
Reference: paints the border of the window containing the tool bar when it has been detached from it s primary frame .
Candidate: paints the border of the window containing the tool bar when it has been detached from it s primary frame .

Sample 6590:
Reference: create the ade singleton using the default setup file .
Candidate: creates a empty singleton .

Sample 6591:
Reference: gets the value of the force property .
Candidate: gets the value of the force property .

Sample 6592:
Reference: adapter implementation method do not call .
Candidate: adapter implementation method do not call .

Sample 6593:
Reference: send a plugin result back to javascript .
Candidate: publishes the given plugin that it can be invoked by the implementation of the host .

Sample 6594:
Reference: tests if the given character is present in the array of characters .
Candidate: tests if the given character is present in the array of characters .

Sample 6595:
Reference: create a okhttp request to download the image
Candidate: downloads the start and get the system image response .

Sample 6596:
Reference: performs any necessary processing that should be done after the directory server has completed processing for an unbind operation .
Candidate: performs any necessary processing that should be done after the directory server has completed processing of a plugin operation .

Sample 6597:
Reference: returns if request was completed with error code or failure of implementation
Candidate: returns if request was completed with error code or failure of implementation

Sample 6598:
Reference: use dtmnodeproxy to determine whether two nodes are the same .
Candidate: use dtmnodeproxy to determine whether two nodes are the same .

Sample 6599:
Reference: determine whether the named table should be included .
Candidate: sql command to find database

Sample 6600:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 6601:
Reference: creates a new uri by appending an already encoded path segment to a base uri .
Candidate: creates a new uri by appending an already encoded path segment to a base uri .

Sample 6602:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 6603:
Reference: it is of a floating category if the provided type is a a float double .
Candidate: used to check if a class is a valid category or a .

Sample 6604:
Reference: adds the observer to listen for font scale and force enable zoom preferences .
Candidate: adds the observer to listen for font scale and force enable zoom preferences .

Sample 6605:
Reference: removes the last occurrence of comma from the given string including potential trailing spaces .
Candidate: removes the last occurrence of the the specified string including potential trailing spaces .

Sample 6606:
Reference: load the user object by id
Candidate: load user user from id

Sample 6607:
Reference: compares a boolean with a boolean
Candidate: compares a boolean with a boolean

Sample 6608:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method for testing this class .

Sample 6609:
Reference: print help text for the command .
Candidate: tell to print usage information to this output stream .

Sample 6610:
Reference: add a user to this configuration .
Candidate: adds a user to the list of the users .

Sample 6611:
Reference: disables any enabled cache .
Candidate: sets the subresource that will prevent caching of the cache .

Sample 6612:
Reference: checks if a response message contains a body .
Candidate: checks if a response message contains a body .

Sample 6613:
Reference: adds a statistic this is the data for which the prod i x i prior is calculated .
Candidate: adds a statistic this is the data for which the prior is calculated .

Sample 6614:
Reference: reset the commandline flags .
Candidate: reset the commandline flags .

Sample 6615:
Reference: visits an array value in an annotation .
Candidate: visits an array value in an annotation .

Sample 6616:
Reference: adds main keylines from google material guidelines to creating grid .
Candidate: uses the dim grid and size to be created .

Sample 6617:
Reference: return a bytebuffer representation of the string per given charset
Candidate: reconstruct an string into a bytebuffer .

Sample 6618:
Reference: returns the library import paths that are currently configured for music files
Candidate: returns the library import files that are used for a music files that are used for the library

Sample 6619:
Reference: outputs an example of a particular element using the syntax information .
Candidate: writes the <UNK> of the template to to a writer .

Sample 6620:
Reference: paints the border of a separator .
Candidate: paints the border of a separator .

Sample 6621:
Reference: load x . certificate from an url
Candidate: load x certificate from a

Sample 6622:
Reference: returns true if the location is visible .
Candidate: checks is location is relative to location and

Sample 6623:
Reference: returns true if field deleterequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field deleterequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 6624:
Reference: called when the view is closed .
Candidate: called when a container instance has been destroyed .

Sample 6625:
Reference: write an object to the underlying storage or stream .
Candidate: writes an arbitrary object to this stream .

Sample 6626:
Reference: adds a new file path to the list of paths that sagetv checks for library import files .
Candidate: adds a new file path to the list of library import paths .

Sample 6627:
Reference: invoked when parsing of a timing specifier list ends .
Candidate: invoked when parsing of a timing specifier list ends .

Sample 6628:
Reference: adds an observer to watch for application termination .
Candidate: adds an observer to watch for application termination .

Sample 6629:
Reference: creates a formatted timestamp string of the given epoch using the local host timezone .
Candidate: creates a formatted timestamp string of the given timestamp using the local host timezone .

Sample 6630:
Reference: cache for a stream
Candidate: cache for a stream

Sample 6631:
Reference: read data from the connection .
Candidate: reads a buffer to the underlying stream .

Sample 6632:
Reference: add a child to the child list .
Candidate: add a child to the child list .

Sample 6633:
Reference: adds the new entry .
Candidate: adds an new entry to the list of <UNK> so that the user room .

Sample 6634:
Reference: add a transformgroup from a om dgraphichandler .
Candidate: adds the given shape to the end of the list .

Sample 6635:
Reference: helper method that catches ioexception while skipping an entry from wal to check if an entry was saved completely or not .
Candidate: skips the next entry in the wal if they are not an expected entry .

Sample 6636:
Reference: returns point multiplied to a length of .
Candidate: returns the history point of v and y z nodes .

Sample 6637:
Reference: called when we are about to log an event to file .
Candidate: log raw log event to a file if it is not written to the log .

Sample 6638:
Reference: called to update status in caching a media stream .
Candidate: called to update status in caching a media stream .

Sample 6639:
Reference: moves backup files to specified location
Candidate: dump the backup to a file

Sample 6640:
Reference: create the search filter for the toolbar
Candidate: creates a filter bar with the bottom sheet and filter if needed to draw the bounds .

Sample 6641:
Reference: notify the interested object .
Candidate: notify the interested object .

Sample 6642:
Reference: removes the specified element from this set if it is present .
Candidate: removes the specified element from this set if it is present .

Sample 6643:
Reference: add an object create rule for the specified parameters .
Candidate: add an object create rule for the specified parameters .

Sample 6644:
Reference: action method for save button for manage broker revenue share page
Candidate: save the <UNK> to be used to save the <UNK> as a shared object .

Sample 6645:
Reference: default implementation returns false .
Candidate: default implementation returns false .

Sample 6646:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6647:
Reference: skilltarget s movement speed decreased as you used skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget s movement speed movement effect by using skillname .

Sample 6648:
Reference: called when the user has scrolled to the end of the list
Candidate: called when the user has scrolled to the end of the list

Sample 6649:
Reference: creates a new instance implementing this interface by using the default implementation .
Candidate: creates a new documentation with the specified text in .

Sample 6650:
Reference: when a proxy s server info changed it would be notified .
Candidate: when a proxy s server info changed it would be notified .

Sample 6651:
Reference: you cannot summon as you are already under the same effect .
Candidate: you have entered the daily sell limit .

Sample 6652:
Reference: handles the windowdeiconfied event by invoking the windowdeiconified methods on listener a and listener b .
Candidate: handles the windowiconified event by invoking the windowiconified methods on listener a and listener b .

Sample 6653:
Reference: moves all threads from the wait queue for this condition to the wait queue for the owning lock .
Candidate: moves all threads from the wait queue for this condition to the wait queue for the owning lock .

Sample 6654:
Reference: checks whether a simulation filled the token accumulator .
Candidate: checks whether a simulation filled the token accumulator .

Sample 6655:
Reference: specifies the fetch size for this query .
Candidate: specifies the fetch size for this query .

Sample 6656:
Reference: put the given value for the specified option into these options
Candidate: put the given value for the specified option into these options

Sample 6657:
Reference: returns boolean value indicating whether or not the serializable field represented by this objectstreamfield instance is unshared .
Candidate: indicates whether this field is unshared .

Sample 6658:
Reference: the actual optimization routine brent s golden section method
Candidate: report a the optimization routine brent returns the actual optimization number of the

Sample 6659:
Reference: parses a response from the network or cache and delivers it .
Candidate: parses a response from the network or cache and delivers it .

Sample 6660:
Reference: reteurns true if from to from to .
Candidate: determine if the object is equal comparison is either the same between it .

Sample 6661:
Reference: should be called when a preference has been added removed from this group or the ordering should be re evaluated .
Candidate: should be called when a preference has been added removed from this group or the ordering should be re evaluated .

Sample 6662:
Reference: closes a group of sequencefile readers .
Candidate: closes a group of sequencefile readers .

Sample 6663:
Reference: check if tables should grow due to increased size .
Candidate: check if tables should grow due to increased size .

Sample 6664:
Reference: deserializes an byte array using the provided typeserializer .
Candidate: deserializes a single byte instance .

Sample 6665:
Reference: set the lead selection index leaving all selection values unchanged .
Candidate: set the lead selection index leaving all selection values unchanged .

Sample 6666:
Reference: remove an item from the adapter s list .
Candidate: removes the item with the given item .

Sample 6667:
Reference: checks if polling is enabled and initializes the threadpool if it s not already configured .
Candidate: returns whether or not the server supports automatic rendering

Sample 6668:
Reference: removes an element from the element .
Candidate: removes an element from the element .

Sample 6669:
Reference: get the actual number of bytes
Candidate: the expected size for reuse the <UNK>

Sample 6670:
Reference: idkeypattern id literal key literal literal also handle doc
Candidate: idkeypattern id literal key literal literal also handle doc

Sample 6671:
Reference: returns the object instance of i
Candidate: returns the object instance of i . e .

Sample 6672:
Reference: can do additional work for import
Candidate: can do additional work for use in the optimization .

Sample 6673:
Reference: returns statistics over a dataset containing the given values .
Candidate: returns statistics over a dataset containing the given values .

Sample 6674:
Reference: limpia el flag de estado del nodo
Candidate: marca el campo con estado none

Sample 6675:
Reference: queries whether the given conditionobject uses this synchronizer as its lock .
Candidate: queries whether the given conditionobject uses this synchronizer as its lock .

Sample 6676:
Reference: converts value to a csv ready string .
Candidate: gets the string of the specified location and returns a string of the specified java .

Sample 6677:
Reference: add new objects to the cluster .
Candidate: grow a cluster weight between this query .

Sample 6678:
Reference: allows generic code to identify if it is doing html svg conversion
Candidate: indicates if the tessellator is a html or not .

Sample 6679:
Reference: executes a request using the given context .
Candidate: executes a request using the given context .

Sample 6680:
Reference: adds the skos prefix to the query .
Candidate: add prefix to a query .

Sample 6681:
Reference: returns the length of bytecode sequence that have been added so far .
Candidate: returns the length of bytecode sequence that have been added so far .

Sample 6682:
Reference: gets the platform id for the cmap .
Candidate: gets the platform id for this cmap .

Sample 6683:
Reference: returns a sampled value for the distribution .
Candidate: returns the current value for the given . .

Sample 6684:
Reference: returns true if this is a read only client .
Candidate: tests whether this node is readonly .

Sample 6685:
Reference: create a new httpconnector
Candidate: create a new <UNK> instance of the given port and port

Sample 6686:
Reference: returns a list of service infos of the specified type .
Candidate: returns a list of service infos of the specified type .

Sample 6687:
Reference: this pins the provided message to this channel .
Candidate: changes the filter to the amount of the changes message .

Sample 6688:
Reference: fast intern lookup of one namespace
Candidate: return intern namespace count for this namespace .

Sample 6689:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .

Sample 6690:
Reference: deletes all spartanization tip markers
Candidate: delete all markers generated of and delete them as the given .

Sample 6691:
Reference: removes highlighting from the node that was exited .
Candidate: the the subclass of a node node .

Sample 6692:
Reference: get all entities iterator scroll results as opposed to load all
Candidate: find all counters that are used to remove all entries .

Sample 6693:
Reference: clears the cached values .
Candidate: clear all entries from the cache .

Sample 6694:
Reference: callback for when the icon has been dragged by the user
Candidate: called when user is an .

Sample 6695:
Reference: sets the given bytes to be used as the request content .
Candidate: sets the request to be used to be used to request the

Sample 6696:
Reference: update the input of the module pushing the current input to any pipe .
Candidate: update the input of the module adding any read value to our read .

Sample 6697:
Reference: send a debug log message .
Candidate: send a debug log message .

Sample 6698:
Reference: save state of the instance
Candidate: saves the <UNK> source to to the persistent storage .

Sample 6699:
Reference: wait for an election to end
Candidate: wait method to be called to wait for the current thread .

Sample 6700:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 6701:
Reference: sends the moviedetailresponse thought the communication system to be received by the presenter
Candidate: redirect <UNK> to be called when the linksocket s be sent

Sample 6702:
Reference: get whether the espmeshsocket is connected to remote device
Candidate: indicates whether this client is included in the system . .

Sample 6703:
Reference: if this component has no valueformatter or is only equipped with the default one no custom set return true .
Candidate: if this component has no valueformatter or is only equipped with the default one no custom set return true .

Sample 6704:
Reference: loads spring bean by its name from given spring xml configuration file .
Candidate: loads spring bean by its name . given spring configuration file .

Sample 6705:
Reference: display warning with warning icon
Candidate: display warning with error icon

Sample 6706:
Reference: creates group synchronized relation between volume group and full copy group .
Candidate: establishes one relation group from the passed full copy .

Sample 6707:
Reference: deletes a one to one chat with a given contact from history and abort reject any associated ongoing session if such exists .
Candidate: delete a contact from a chat chat and chat if one exists to abort reject any associated ongoing session if such exists .

Sample 6708:
Reference: returns a copy of this object .
Candidate: clones all the variables from the <UNK> .

Sample 6709:
Reference: add another element to the end of our linked list
Candidate: add an <UNK> to the next event list which can just render the <UNK> .

Sample 6710:
Reference: quality test text html wins
Candidate: quality test text html wins

Sample 6711:
Reference: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .
Candidate: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .

Sample 6712:
Reference: muestra siguiente imagen en el applet
Candidate: muestra la imagen anterior en el applet

Sample 6713:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 6714:
Reference: add a parameter node for a function .
Candidate: add a parameter to the index of this node

Sample 6715:
Reference: returns the maximum of the message rates in the samplegroup .
Candidate: returns the maximum rate of the endpoint .

Sample 6716:
Reference: callback to be invoked when there has been an error during an asynchronous operation other errors will throw exceptions at method call time .
Candidate: reports an error indicating the caller .

Sample 6717:
Reference: filter parameters to display in parameters section
Candidate: determines if the parameter should be used instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 6718:
Reference: removes the file prefix from the given uri string if applicable .
Candidate: removes the file prefix from the given uri string if applicable .

Sample 6719:
Reference: a repository root has been added .
Candidate: the root to be called from the original list

Sample 6720:
Reference: removes the specified focus listener so it no longer receives focus events from this component .
Candidate: removes the specified focus listener so it no longer receives focus events from this component .

Sample 6721:
Reference: called when a network address has been added or remove from a device
Candidate: called when a network address has been added or remove from a device

Sample 6722:
Reference: returns true if this event intersects the selection region .
Candidate: check if the event is changed for the <UNK> selection or buttons .

Sample 6723:
Reference: removes the tag with a given tid and ifd .
Candidate: removes the tag with a given tid and ifd .

Sample 6724:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6725:
Reference: check whether the loop that contain such iterator register had been optimized
Candidate: checks if the <UNK> should be <UNK> to a <UNK> register .

Sample 6726:
Reference: allows to provide additional source that will use used as well .
Candidate: allows to provide additional source that will be used as well .

Sample 6727:
Reference: put the value of the named object field into the persistent field .
Candidate: put the value of the named object field into the persistent field .

Sample 6728:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 6729:
Reference: called before the node closing animation is started .
Candidate: called when a node is detected by the <UNK> .

Sample 6730:
Reference: you cannot craft as you do not have .
Candidate: you have longer good to equip the alliance .

Sample 6731:
Reference: high performance method for appending a utf surrogate pair .
Candidate: appends a <UNK> to the first character set for this struct .

Sample 6732:
Reference: attaches to the parse tree filtered tokens such as type annotation carrying comments .
Candidate: finishes up a range in the given tree .

Sample 6733:
Reference: create window view by target child view
Candidate: creates a new view with the given size if changed .

Sample 6734:
Reference: update the model currently used to remove unused data when in fixed width mode .
Candidate: called when the experiment changed .

Sample 6735:
Reference: shutdown the radius connection .
Candidate: shuts the request marking the <UNK> to allow the oad process .

Sample 6736:
Reference: called when an error occurs .
Candidate: called when an error occurs .

Sample 6737:
Reference: synchronous select query that returns a single result .
Candidate: retrieves one rows managed by its null values .

Sample 6738:
Reference: scan for tlds in jars in web inf lib .
Candidate: crawl the <UNK> that is necessary to work for the jax rs context .

Sample 6739:
Reference: this method is invoked when a new member joins the system
Candidate: invoked when a client is member to this process

Sample 6740:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 6741:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this object .

Sample 6742:
Reference: gets whether this node is accessibility focused .
Candidate: gets whether this node is focused focused .

Sample 6743:
Reference: creates a new adapter for the default case .
Candidate: creates a new adapter for the default case .

Sample 6744:
Reference: opens the native navigation app with the given search location
Candidate: opens the native navigation app in the given browser .

Sample 6745:
Reference: clears information about the execution point .
Candidate: clear the sql interface to clear the state of the statement .

Sample 6746:
Reference: creates a cluster group of nodes started in server mode .
Candidate: gets client cluster group for all the cluster .

Sample 6747:
Reference: reloads the configurables of all connected servers
Candidate: refreshes the <UNK> of the selected server

Sample 6748:
Reference: decode the provided baggage and merge its contents into the current thread s baggage .
Candidate: join the passed string with a placeholders and error codes which we have to be the .

Sample 6749:
Reference: exit with a process failure code .
Candidate: exit with a process failure code .

Sample 6750:
Reference: test method for this class
Candidate: test method for this class

Sample 6751:
Reference: indicates whether the constraint evaluator found the target to satisfy the constraint .
Candidate: returns if this transaction has completed successfully .

Sample 6752:
Reference: reset the image zoom to default value for each cachedfragments
Candidate: reset the image zoom to default value for each cachedfragments

Sample 6753:
Reference: post a talk back message with prompting supplying the parameters automatically from an exception the key and the environment .
Candidate: convenience method to determine if the user has a single log message the <UNK> .

Sample 6754:
Reference: disconnects the api client then connects again .
Candidate: disconnects the api client then connects again .

Sample 6755:
Reference: the cost of inlining this statement
Candidate: the cost of inlining this statement

Sample 6756:
Reference: specify that apr proc create should do whatever it can to report failures to the caller of apr proc create rather than find out in the child .
Candidate: returns the set of <UNK> to to the jni .

Sample 6757:
Reference: decide if this pair represents a method parameter .
Candidate: decide if this method corresponds to a method of .

Sample 6758:
Reference: pop a pair of nodes from the tail of the stack .
Candidate: pop a pair of nodes from the tail of the stack .

Sample 6759:
Reference: notify that the full size thumbnail is available .
Candidate: notify the thumbnail cache for the specified thumbnail .

Sample 6760:
Reference: coverts casts the double array to a float array
Candidate: converts a random array of bytes to the array of b .

Sample 6761:
Reference: returns the number of elements in the field
Candidate: return the collection of object to .

Sample 6762:
Reference: begins the purchase process for the given sku
Candidate: launch the result handler how if it was correctly the result of how to produce a specific strategy .

Sample 6763:
Reference: returns the commandfilepath string argument .
Candidate: returns the default store uid of a boolean file .

Sample 6764:
Reference: start visiting a vector .
Candidate: start visiting a vector .

Sample 6765:
Reference: checks that the given string is a valid java identifier .
Candidate: checks that the given string is a valid java identifier .

Sample 6766:
Reference: save the message and signature to message log .
Candidate: logs a single msg in the subject ignoring the specified suffix .

Sample 6767:
Reference: marks the beginning of a new scope in the output stream writes also an integer value .
Candidate: marks the beginning of a new scope in the olutput stream writes also the the value if

Sample 6768:
Reference: sets up all the internal state to prepare for menu dragging .
Candidate: sets up all the internal state to prepare for menu dragging .

Sample 6769:
Reference: factory for a xml type .
Candidate: factory method to construct an event type for the given name type .

Sample 6770:
Reference: signal gui that it s the end of the download p should be invoked on the swing thread
Candidate: assumes the that it s the end of the download process .

Sample 6771:
Reference: checks whether the subscript attribute is set .
Candidate: checks whether the subscript attribute is set .

Sample 6772:
Reference: add an element to the zone adjustment list .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to to the <UNK> zone .

Sample 6773:
Reference: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time for another thread to insert it .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time for another thread to insert it .

Sample 6774:
Reference: set bounds for the left textview including clip padding .
Candidate: set bounds for the left menu including clip padding .

Sample 6775:
Reference: returns the successor node of the given non null but possibly previously deleted node .
Candidate: returns the successor node of the given non null but possibly previously deleted node .

Sample 6776:
Reference: called when a download s status or progress information has been updated .
Candidate: called before the the download begins to play the .

Sample 6777:
Reference: returns a copy of this instant with the specified duration in seconds added .
Candidate: returns a copy of this instant with the specified duration in seconds added .

Sample 6778:
Reference: returns true if this network interface is up .
Candidate: returns true if this network interface is up .

Sample 6779:
Reference: an undoable edit happened
Candidate: an undoable edit happened

Sample 6780:
Reference: checks whether the character in a given position of a given string is a delimiter .
Candidate: checks whether the character in a given position of a given string is a delimiter .

Sample 6781:
Reference: determine if the two entries are equal .
Candidate: compares the two equals methods are equal on the wrapped class .

Sample 6782:
Reference: check if this object is temporary for example a temporary table .
Candidate: return if the vertex is temporary and will persistent .

Sample 6783:
Reference: get receive order reply
Candidate: get receive order order .

Sample 6784:
Reference: get read write .
Candidate: get read write .

Sample 6785:
Reference: puts a key value pair into an immediate child scope .
Candidate: put the scope for a key and scope .

Sample 6786:
Reference: creates new recent file action to show in main menu .
Candidate: create a new file file from the provided file .

Sample 6787:
Reference: returns true if all the valves in this pipeline support async false otherwise
Candidate: returns whether this platform supports async background operations .

Sample 6788:
Reference: subclass method to allow modifications to content wrappers etc .
Candidate: wrap content in a component .

Sample 6789:
Reference: a service wrapper for the createimagemethod method .
Candidate: a service wrapper for the <UNK> method .

Sample 6790:
Reference: quickly exposes the controls so that the user knows they re there .
Candidate: schedules the the subpath to find until the .

Sample 6791:
Reference: print out an error message with usage hint
Candidate: print the error message and throw an error message .

Sample 6792:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 6793:
Reference: return top context from the queue without removing it .
Candidate: get the most context object on the stack of the object .

Sample 6794:
Reference: puts a null value into the field at the specified row and column index .
Candidate: puts a null value into the field at the specified row and column index .

Sample 6795:
Reference: pushes a debug rectangle that will be drawn .
Candidate: push a specified rectangle in the top of the <UNK> .

Sample 6796:
Reference: removes a tag and all of its children .
Candidate: removes a tag and all of its children .

Sample 6797:
Reference: true if this invocation is almost certainly polymorphic false when in doubt .
Candidate: indicates if this is is a special <UNK> for the <UNK> .

Sample 6798:
Reference: fired when a request returns successfully override to handle in your own code
Candidate: fired when a request successfully successfully completes .

Sample 6799:
Reference: auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from getevents operation
Candidate: called when the error handler method for handling error response from events .

Sample 6800:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6801:
Reference: displays a route between two points on the map .
Candidate: display the specified coordinates in the list of <UNK> .

Sample 6802:
Reference: duplicate this environment into a given environment using its tree and info and copying all other fields .
Candidate: duplicate this environment into a given environment using its tree and info and copying all other fields .

Sample 6803:
Reference: reads an bit byte from the current position in this file .
Candidate: reads an bit byte from the current position in this file .

Sample 6804:
Reference: return the singleton project object the current run of droidsafe .
Candidate: return the singleton project object the current run of droidsafe .

Sample 6805:
Reference: gets the list of potential dxva deinterlacing capabilities widows only
Candidate: returns a list of the <UNK> that dscaler is to be used .

Sample 6806:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 6807:
Reference: gets the contents at the given url .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given url .

Sample 6808:
Reference: used internally for adding view .
Candidate: used internally for adding view .

Sample 6809:
Reference: enqueue a message to the front of the queue for this state machine .
Candidate: enqueue a message to the front of the queue for this state machine .

Sample 6810:
Reference: perform ui after refresh
Candidate: perform ui after refresh

Sample 6811:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 6812:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 6813:
Reference: similar to the tostring method but combines morpheme and word
Candidate: convert a string to an element word

Sample 6814:
Reference: computes standard error for observed values of a binomial random variable .
Candidate: computes standard error for observed values of a binomial random variable .

Sample 6815:
Reference: clone a copy of this tree
Candidate: clone a copy of this tree

Sample 6816:
Reference: output search results as graph representation of a connectivity matrix in json
Candidate: returns the <UNK> string that should be used to the <UNK> room .

Sample 6817:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 6818:
Reference: finds the index of the minumum value in a list of values or an array .
Candidate: get the <UNK> with an minimum key value .

Sample 6819:
Reference: initialize this geo with to represent coordinates .
Candidate: performs a new connection .

Sample 6820:
Reference: get the next char in the string skipping whitespace .
Candidate: get the next char in the string skipping whitespace .

Sample 6821:
Reference: release the reserved port .
Candidate: release the reserved port .

Sample 6822:
Reference: removes all superactivitytoasts and clears the list
Candidate: cancel all supercardtoasts and clears the list .

Sample 6823:
Reference: returns true if the given object should be included in the collection .
Candidate: tests if this object is acceptable .

Sample 6824:
Reference: creates a property with the provided sets of pre validated default and active values .
Candidate: adds a property property values to the mapping of active .

Sample 6825:
Reference: add a new item to the menu .
Candidate: add a new item to the menu .

Sample 6826:
Reference: refreshes this stepsprite s image to handle changes in the zoom level .
Candidate: refreshes the zoom level if this is changed .

Sample 6827:
Reference: returns a clone if the implementation is cloneable .
Candidate: returns a clone if the implementation is cloneable .

Sample 6828:
Reference: invoked when the element has been resolved .
Candidate: invoked when the element has been resolved .

Sample 6829:
Reference: take a free slab of chunks from the freeslabs array and insert it at the correct index in the slabtable .
Candidate: perform a <UNK> about the free number of <UNK> entries and free up the physical version .

Sample 6830:
Reference: model switch only applicable for developer model
Candidate: model switch only applicable for developer model

Sample 6831:
Reference: send all the control info for the space
Candidate: sends a string representing the cylinder width to the receiver sub class .

Sample 6832:
Reference: unbox a long defaulting to if it is null .
Candidate: generate an inverse of a long value that treats nans as a . .

Sample 6833:
Reference: release a list of tiles and allow it to be re used by another thread .
Candidate: releases the tiles s lock according to the thread so the thread will be removed from the .

Sample 6834:
Reference: creates an empty border that takes up space but which does no drawing specifying the width of the top left bottom and right sides .
Candidate: creates an empty border that does space takes up space which which does the drawing specifying the width of the top bottom and bottom sides .

Sample 6835:
Reference: called to process the passed cim indication to a desired format .
Candidate: processes an connection to to a connection to the connection .

Sample 6836:
Reference: helper method to check if message is initialized .
Candidate: helper method to check if message is initialized .

Sample 6837:
Reference: send byte array to queue
Candidate: send byte array to queue

Sample 6838:
Reference: disallow mobile data connections .
Candidate: disallow mobile data connections .

Sample 6839:
Reference: adds the given string to the list of custom ticklabels
Candidate: adds the given string to the list of custom ticklabels

Sample 6840:
Reference: makes this object immutable .
Candidate: makes this object immutable

Sample 6841:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 6842:
Reference: updates the action with given parameters .
Candidate: updates the alpha matrix .

Sample 6843:
Reference: updates the role details excluding the role which must remain the same .
Candidate: updates the old role with the old role object .

Sample 6844:
Reference: checks for the presence of custom potion effects .
Candidate: checks for the presence of custom potion effects .

Sample 6845:
Reference: wraps an internal console
Candidate: wraps the current code in a line formatted in the specified output stream .

Sample 6846:
Reference: indicates if the given row currently has the mouse pointer over it .
Candidate: gets the hover attribute of the given row

Sample 6847:
Reference: associates a live attribute value to this element .
Candidate: bind an attribute to the statement attribute with the specified value .

Sample 6848:
Reference: includes the approximation set collector when instrumenting algorithms .
Candidate: includes the approximation set collector when instrumenting algorithms .

Sample 6849:
Reference: reads characters into an array .
Candidate: reads characters into an array .

Sample 6850:
Reference: close soft input keyboard when click the white free space p
Candidate: call the <UNK> method when the soft button is <UNK> focus .

Sample 6851:
Reference: whether this is an outer joined table .
Candidate: whether this is an outer joined table .

Sample 6852:
Reference: thread safe method that can be used by subclasses to parse a date that is already in the internal representation
Candidate: parses a standard method that can be used by a date representation using a date .

Sample 6853:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6854:
Reference: check if the two switches differ in their ports or in other fields and if they differ enqueue a switch update
Candidate: check if the two differ differ in their fields differ and other fields differ enqueue a switch update

Sample 6855:
Reference: does this device have a system navigation bar ?
Candidate: does this device have a system navigation bar ?

Sample 6856:
Reference: add a closelistener .
Candidate: add a listener that will be notified when this screen is closed .

Sample 6857:
Reference: add the associated service to the set of joined services for the quorum .
Candidate: invoked when this service joins the quorum .

Sample 6858:
Reference: adds a new pan listener .
Candidate: adds a new pan listener .

Sample 6859:
Reference: used to grow the reference array .
Candidate: sets the grow to the start of the given .

Sample 6860:
Reference: invoked before a new load action starts .
Candidate: reports an event .

Sample 6861:
Reference: skips initial setup advancing to the license screen .
Candidate: displays the the setup upload .

Sample 6862:
Reference: inverse project x y coordinates .
Candidate: creates project a d x y coordinate space

Sample 6863:
Reference: uri used for element labels typing .
Candidate: return the default uri for all values .

Sample 6864:
Reference: returns whether the widget is currently in the zooming state
Candidate: returns whether the widget is currently in the zooming state

Sample 6865:
Reference: allocates a ccbitmapfontconfiguration with a fnt file
Candidate: creates a new instance of the fonts in the current font .

Sample 6866:
Reference: updates factory to the new entity using replacement strategy .
Candidate: updates adds updates to the workspace .

Sample 6867:
Reference: throws a parseexception if the queue is not empty .
Candidate: expect method is an expected result of the query builder .

Sample 6868:
Reference: throw sslpeerunverifiedexception on null or empty peercertificates array
Candidate: throw sslpeerunverifiedexception on null or empty peercertificates array

Sample 6869:
Reference: try to reduce memory use .
Candidate: called when the memory is about to load .

Sample 6870:
Reference: returns true if the specified object is a valid value for this key .
Candidate: returns true if the specified object is a valid value for this key .

Sample 6871:
Reference: test if this instance will receive sends from the same connection .
Candidate: returns whether this not is in the local register .

Sample 6872:
Reference: the method called on a successful creation of an accesstoken .
Candidate: when an entity was successfully performed

Sample 6873:
Reference: if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that offset .
Candidate: if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that offset .

Sample 6874:
Reference: puts a single byte array into the buffer at the specified index .
Candidate: put an byte array into a buffer at the specified index .

Sample 6875:
Reference: simulates flipping a coin .
Candidate: this method is the number of integers to an int

Sample 6876:
Reference: check which version of the textbox background should be used depending on the given color .
Candidate: check which version of the textbox background should be used depending on the given color .

Sample 6877:
Reference: returns the hash code value for this vector .
Candidate: returns the hash code value for this vector .

Sample 6878:
Reference: formats a given number with given number of fraction digits br e . g .
Candidate: formats the number number using the default format number .

Sample 6879:
Reference: can the port accept additional characters ?
Candidate: can the port accept additional characters ?

Sample 6880:
Reference: metodo que actualiza el numero total de resultados obtenidos por la consulta completa sin paginar
Candidate: updates the total number of entries which should be the sum of this query .

Sample 6881:
Reference: prevents news from specified users and communities from appearing in the current user s newsfeed .
Candidate: adds a single user with the current user .

Sample 6882:
Reference: only select model with the given id .
Candidate: only a models product with a model model .

Sample 6883:
Reference: removes an element from the element .
Candidate: removes an element from the element .

Sample 6884:
Reference: writes an array to the buffer
Candidate: writes a array array to a buffer

Sample 6885:
Reference: starts tracking of focus change .
Candidate: start tracking the window which is chosen to edit his actions .

Sample 6886:
Reference: generatepartition return . . . l .
Candidate: builds the partition to generate a partition .

Sample 6887:
Reference: this is a quiet method .
Candidate: returns if it is exist in the config file which is not empty .

Sample 6888:
Reference: determines if this node is indeed maintaining a forward pointer to the next in tree .
Candidate: determines if this task is currently running in the current thread .

Sample 6889:
Reference: lazy set an object field .
Candidate: lazy set an object field .

Sample 6890:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 6891:
Reference: stops particular tcp router .
Candidate: stops the tcp tcp client and remove the bandwidth sockets .

Sample 6892:
Reference: adjust the y position
Candidate: adjust the y coordinate of the top levels in the <UNK> .

Sample 6893:
Reference: hides the close button in the top right corner .
Candidate: shows that close that close the close where the close is not visible .

Sample 6894:
Reference: sends message to this command sender if possible .
Candidate: sends message to this command sender if possible will exit a message message .

Sample 6895:
Reference: clean up the temp stream .
Candidate: destroys the temp stream .

Sample 6896:
Reference: converts the specified integer into its hexadecimal string representation .
Candidate: converts the specified integer into its hexadecimal string representation .

Sample 6897:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the end of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the end of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .

Sample 6898:
Reference: to be called when the user edits text .
Candidate: called when the user wants to react to the text .

Sample 6899:
Reference: convert integer array to int array
Candidate: convert integer array to int array

Sample 6900:
Reference: onpulldowntorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the start and released .
Candidate: onpulldowntorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the start and released .

Sample 6901:
Reference: notify replication node that a transaction is executed in one stage one phase commit
Candidate: notify replication node that a transaction data is taken out

Sample 6902:
Reference: convenient method to create a record for a http endpoint .
Candidate: convenient method to create a record in a record .

Sample 6903:
Reference: handles exceptions thrown by subscribers .
Candidate: handles exceptions thrown by subscribers .

Sample 6904:
Reference: is this name a wildcard ?
Candidate: return true if this ba for wild dependency .

Sample 6905:
Reference: this method is used for any clean up that might be required by the benchmark .
Candidate: complete the instance of submit this messages .

Sample 6906:
Reference: get the value of relationtableexist
Candidate: get the value of relationtableexist

Sample 6907:
Reference: sets up the sync account for this app .
Candidate: performs an account creation of the activity and if it as <UNK>

Sample 6908:
Reference: return true if n is a prime number
Candidate: return true if n is a prime number otherwise return false

Sample 6909:
Reference: returns true if the node this indexes has been deleted .
Candidate: returns true if the node this indexes has been deleted .

Sample 6910:
Reference: future dom test node identity in lieu of node node
Candidate: future dom test node identity in lieu of node node

Sample 6911:
Reference: updates the location list and schedules migrations .
Candidate: updates the location list and schedules migrations .

Sample 6912:
Reference: byte transfer to bitmap
Candidate: convert byte array to bitmap

Sample 6913:
Reference: determine if the value is null .
Candidate: determine if the value is null .

Sample 6914:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 6915:
Reference: verifies that the actual value is equal to the given one .
Candidate: verifies that the actual value is equal to the given one .

Sample 6916:
Reference: return if the bottom navigation is colored
Candidate: indicates whether the bottom navigation of the navigation menu item .

Sample 6917:
Reference: tell if two modes match according to the rules of xslt .
Candidate: tell if two modes match according to the rules of xslt .

Sample 6918:
Reference: verify the signature of the xml string
Candidate: verify the signature of the xml string

Sample 6919:
Reference: dumps this lpcresult to standard out
Candidate: dumps the writer in textual state .

Sample 6920:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6921:
Reference: writes an unsigned int into the bytebuffer at a specified position
Candidate: writes an unsigned int into the bytebuffer at a specified position

Sample 6922:
Reference: sends a fluids storage change to all clients that are watching a grid connected to this network .
Candidate: send a message to the specified delta value for a new amount .

Sample 6923:
Reference: execute a request to the pageconext
Candidate: execute to execute the the something .

Sample 6924:
Reference: return the number of rows on the board .
Candidate: return the number of rows in the . .

Sample 6925:
Reference: generates initialization code from the given methodtransformercontext and initcodecontext objects .
Candidate: generate a <UNK> code that will be called with the <UNK> code and return the <UNK> .

Sample 6926:
Reference: returns a printable representation of this value .
Candidate: returns a printable representation of this value .

Sample 6927:
Reference: gets integer value associated to reasoncode instance
Candidate: gets integer value associated to reasoncode instance

Sample 6928:
Reference: this method runs in the ui thread .
Candidate: this method runs in the ui thread .

Sample 6929:
Reference: sets the previous marker .
Candidate: returns the next instance of this marker .

Sample 6930:
Reference: get the symbol table instance .
Candidate: get the symbol table instance .

Sample 6931:
Reference: log a message specifying source class and method with an array of object arguments if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .
Candidate: log a message specifying source class and method with an array of object arguments if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .

Sample 6932:
Reference: invoke floordiv and return the result or any exception .
Candidate: invoke floordiv and return the result or any exception .

Sample 6933:
Reference: discards the first downstream media chunk .
Candidate: discards the first downstream media chunk .

Sample 6934:
Reference: asserts that two longs are equal .
Candidate: asserts that two longs are equal .

Sample 6935:
Reference: deletes the specified object in the specified bucket
Candidate: deletes the specified object in the specified bucket name .

Sample 6936:
Reference: handler for when an image failed to load .
Candidate: handler for when an image failed to load .

Sample 6937:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6938:
Reference: returns a random number from the distribution .
Candidate: returns a random number from the distribution .

Sample 6939:
Reference: gets cluster group metrics statistics for this cache .
Candidate: gets whole cluster metrics statistics for this cache .

Sample 6940:
Reference: method used to clear notes table
Candidate: clears all column of the query

Sample 6941:
Reference: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the filter .
Candidate: adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the filter .

Sample 6942:
Reference: set the third port option .
Candidate: set the third port option .

Sample 6943:
Reference: adds a key value string pair to the request .
Candidate: adds a key value string pair to the request .

Sample 6944:
Reference: adds a new item to the combo box at the end
Candidate: adds an item to the combo box

Sample 6945:
Reference: reads a new class from the receiver .
Candidate: reads a new class from the receiver .

Sample 6946:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 6947:
Reference: process the source tree to the output result .
Candidate: process the source tree to the output result .

Sample 6948:
Reference: iterates through the given loaders until it finds one that can load finalizer .
Candidate: iterates through the given loaders until it finds one that can load finalizer .

Sample 6949:
Reference: mark the event as consumed by the subscribers .
Candidate: marks the <UNK> to be notified when the <UNK> has been consumed .

Sample 6950:
Reference: facilitates creating template query requests using an inline script
Candidate: facilitates creating template query requests an inline script inline script inline

Sample 6951:
Reference: returns true if the message is rpc encoded .
Candidate: indicates if the user has a valid of the <UNK> api .

Sample 6952:
Reference: destroy the session associated with the given id .
Candidate: destroy the session used for this authentication handler .

Sample 6953:
Reference: end a transaction .
Candidate: end a transaction .

Sample 6954:
Reference: verifies that this transaction has been signed by the owner s public key .
Candidate: verifies the signature with this identity as a to b .

Sample 6955:
Reference: calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .
Candidate: calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .

Sample 6956:
Reference: writes the icalendar objects to a string .
Candidate: writes the vcards to a string .

Sample 6957:
Reference: removes the specified child of the object from the object s selection .
Candidate: removes the specified child of the object from the object s selection .

Sample 6958:
Reference: removes all request interceptor of the specified class
Candidate: removes all request interceptor of the specified class

Sample 6959:
Reference: start the ims module
Candidate: starts the given module

Sample 6960:
Reference: method can be used to detect websocket support in the current browser .
Candidate: can the current browser support crux offline browser .

Sample 6961:
Reference: attempts to cancel the specified operation .
Candidate: cancel to cancel any progress code .

Sample 6962:
Reference: convert screen coordinate to source coordinate .
Candidate: convert screen coordinate to source coordinate .

Sample 6963:
Reference: removes the old adjustment listener from adjustment listener l and returns the resulting multicast listener .
Candidate: removes the old adjustment listener from adjustment listener l and returns the resulting multicast listener .

Sample 6964:
Reference: called after the given member was deleted .
Candidate: called after a new member was deleted . the same type .

Sample 6965:
Reference: returns the address of a float constant that is embedded as a data reference into the code .
Candidate: returns the address of a float constant type with the same value as a constant .

Sample 6966:
Reference: disconnect without a exception
Candidate: disconnects the <UNK> that should not be close to the server .

Sample 6967:
Reference: commits on going cell editing
Candidate: commits on going cell editing

Sample 6968:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 6969:
Reference: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .
Candidate: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .

Sample 6970:
Reference: create and starts an event pattern statement for the expressing string passed .
Candidate: creates and returns the new statement .

Sample 6971:
Reference: adds an listener for all file formats .
Candidate: add a listener for <UNK> file to the systems list .

Sample 6972:
Reference: called when the scroll position of a view changes .
Candidate: called when the scroll position of a view changes .

Sample 6973:
Reference: done checked updates all weights based on a function of the corresponding distro .
Candidate: done checked updates all weights based on a function of the corresponding <UNK> .

Sample 6974:
Reference: returns the number of success events .
Candidate: how processed execution was successful or not .

Sample 6975:
Reference: called when the manager was resumed .
Candidate: called when the manager was resumed .

Sample 6976:
Reference: id of the city where users finished school .
Candidate: users of users to return a new search . <UNK> .

Sample 6977:
Reference: initializes the m attributes of the class .
Candidate: initializes the m attributes of the class .

Sample 6978:
Reference: should be overridden if this controller needs to handle the back button being pressed .
Candidate: return true if the <UNK> is pointing back to the last child iteration .

Sample 6979:
Reference: must be called directly after the corresponding scoring call .
Candidate: must be called directly after the corresponding scoring call .

Sample 6980:
Reference: returns the value representing the data contained in this message .
Candidate: get the value of this value .

Sample 6981:
Reference: returns whether this session is valid and available for resuming or joining .
Candidate: tests if this memory pool is valid .

Sample 6982:
Reference: emit code to implement the lxor bytecode
Candidate: <UNK> code to implement the <UNK> to

Sample 6983:
Reference: updates the foo in the database or adds it if it does not yet exist .
Candidate: updates the foo in the database or adds it if it does not yet exist .

Sample 6984:
Reference: visits information about an inner class .
Candidate: visits information about an inner class .

Sample 6985:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new constraint to this layout

Sample 6986:
Reference: operation reset to their initial values the state and nbchanges attributes of the simplestandard standard mbean .
Candidate: operation reset to their initial values the state and nbchanges attributes of the simplestandard standard mbean .

Sample 6987:
Reference: string describing default classifier .
Candidate: string describing default classifier .

Sample 6988:
Reference: delivers error message to the errorlistener that the request was initialized with .
Candidate: delivers error message to the errorlistener that the request was initialized with .

Sample 6989:
Reference: ensures that any interrupt from a possible cancel true is only delivered to a task while in run or runandreset .
Candidate: ensures that any interrupt from a possible cancel true is only delivered to a task while in run or runandreset .

Sample 6990:
Reference: messaged when editing has stopped in the tree .
Candidate: messaged when editing has stopped in the tree .

Sample 6991:
Reference: performs any necessary actions when this ingredient is consumed due to crafting a single item .
Candidate: gets if a new item is placed from the crafting of the given crafting grid .

Sample 6992:
Reference: returns whether this file content description still exists .
Candidate: indicates whether the extractor description exists .

Sample 6993:
Reference: cancels all subscriptions and releases references to observables and observers .
Candidate: destroys this group to this group to emit new events until they are no new events .

Sample 6994:
Reference: returns whether the jms message corresponds to the result of a management attribute value .
Candidate: determines whether the jms message corresponds to the result of a management operation invocation .

Sample 6995:
Reference: checks database metadata to see if a table exists .
Candidate: checks database metadata to see if a table exists .

Sample 6996:
Reference: called when a search result is clicked with the result
Candidate: called when a search result is clicked with the result

Sample 6997:
Reference: called when the menu button is pressed
Candidate: the method will executed when the top bar menu clicked

Sample 6998:
Reference: tells if entry has child .
Candidate: checks if this element has entry for entry .

Sample 6999:
Reference: does the specified row have unresolved errors ?
Candidate: return true if the table s errors in the specified row .

Sample 7000:
Reference: serialize certificate in pem format
Candidate: serialize certificate in in pem format

Sample 7001:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 7002:
Reference: send a final response
Candidate: send a final response

Sample 7003:
Reference: only select deployment that have the given parent deployment id .
Candidate: only select deployments with the given deployment id .

Sample 7004:
Reference: check if mineshafter is present .
Candidate: check if mineshafter is present .

Sample 7005:
Reference: parses the attributes data for information of the detected state of the vertex and sets the vertex to the corresponding state .
Candidate: applies a <UNK> change in the state tree .

Sample 7006:
Reference: returns the number of characters or the number of characters before the decimal point .
Candidate: returns the number of characters before this execution .

Sample 7007:
Reference: called when an entity update event is received .
Candidate: called when an entity has been received

Sample 7008:
Reference: fills the specified range in the array with the specified element .
Candidate: fills the specified range in the array with the specified element .

Sample 7009:
Reference: maps an object into a json string .
Candidate: maps an object to a json string .

Sample 7010:
Reference: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 7011:
Reference: fire aa guns .
Candidate: translates the unit s <UNK> to be used instead of the unit <UNK> .

Sample 7012:
Reference: tostring methode creates a string representation of the object
Candidate: tostring methode creates a string representation of the object

Sample 7013:
Reference: sends the result or a constants . error code canceled error if a result isn t present .
Candidate: sends the result or a constants . error code canceled error if a result isn t present .

Sample 7014:
Reference: shows the peek promo .
Candidate: brings the menu of view to display .

Sample 7015:
Reference: called when a new waypoint is read .
Candidate: called when the creation of the <UNK> connector .

Sample 7016:
Reference: deregisters a server object from the runtime .
Candidate: removes any remote object obj from the stubhandler runtime .

Sample 7017:
Reference: print a dbid as string .
Candidate: convert single dbid single string .

Sample 7018:
Reference: return the object reference template of the object adapter that was just created and is running ior interceptors .
Candidate: returns the implementations of the server flow objects to be used to the <UNK> server .

Sample 7019:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 7020:
Reference: extracts the e value or uses the default value if it doesn t exist .
Candidate: return the value associated with a default value if the t exist .

Sample 7021:
Reference: implements narrowing primitive conversion jls . . .
Candidate: implements <UNK> method to allow the <UNK> method .

Sample 7022:
Reference: rename a file in the pending edit .
Candidate: renames the full directory modify path or directory .

Sample 7023:
Reference: returns a string representation of the receiver .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the receiver .

Sample 7024:
Reference: this method is called once per tick if the bauble is being worn by a player
Candidate: this method is called once per tick if the bauble is being worn by a player

Sample 7025:
Reference: validates the storage unit notification registration key .
Candidate: validates the business notification object registration key .

Sample 7026:
Reference: linearly interpolates a float value from start to end for given progress
Candidate: linear interpolation between a t .

Sample 7027:
Reference: parses the specified string as a signed byte value using the specified radix .
Candidate: parses the specified string as a signed byte value using the specified radix .

Sample 7028:
Reference: defend against malicious streams .
Candidate: defend against malicious streams .

Sample 7029:
Reference: removes the listener for events that shift the projection stack .
Candidate: removes a listener for events that shift the projection stack .

Sample 7030:
Reference: check symbol is valid .
Candidate: check symbol is valid .

Sample 7031:
Reference: returns the visible state of the zoom buttons .
Candidate: returns the visible state of the zoom buttons .

Sample 7032:
Reference: invoked when xmaxymin has been parsed .
Candidate: invoked when xmaxymin has been parsed .

Sample 7033:
Reference: determine whether the feature with the given index number is a byte feature .
Candidate: determine whether the feature with the given index feature is a byte definition .

Sample 7034:
Reference: postprocess a pre processed input .
Candidate: process the input stream input stream .

Sample 7035:
Reference: to be used as the final step to execute the transaction by the given queue .
Candidate: must be called when the <UNK> thread is not completed .

Sample 7036:
Reference: returns true if field service name is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if this <UNK> has more <UNK> when the has been processed .

Sample 7037:
Reference: verifies that contact id and roid match expected values
Candidate: verifies that contact id and roid match expected values

Sample 7038:
Reference: get the diffrows describing the difference between original and revised texts using the given patch .
Candidate: generate a split list to the ar sorted list of elements with the diff set

Sample 7039:
Reference: prepare the next sql statement for the stmt instance .
Candidate: prepare the next sql statement for the stmt instance .

Sample 7040:
Reference: find all objects where property value in the object .
Candidate: find all objects where property value in the object

Sample 7041:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7042:
Reference: returns if all revision have retrieved .
Candidate: checks whether the specified block block is reached or not .

Sample 7043:
Reference: if process service version is not at least . queuename will not be considered .
Candidate: executes a process with an provided offset .

Sample 7044:
Reference: saves the graph to the database .
Candidate: saves all values in the <UNK> view to be written .

Sample 7045:
Reference: paints the background of a button .
Candidate: paints the background of a button .

Sample 7046:
Reference: dump statistics to a yaml file .
Candidate: print the index statistics that the token to be written .

Sample 7047:
Reference: unregister an observer that has previously been registered via registerdatasetobserver datasetobserver .
Candidate: unregister an observer that has previously registered

Sample 7048:
Reference: you have failed to extract from .
Candidate: you have failed to soul item .

Sample 7049:
Reference: trim off excess size dead space .
Candidate: trim off excess size dead space .

Sample 7050:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 7051:
Reference: indicates whether the this parameters has the given output format specified .
Candidate: tells if the output output format is be written to the output and .

Sample 7052:
Reference: convert a mime charset name also known as an xml encoding name to a java encoding name .
Candidate: convert a mime name string to a string if we is the the ascii letter .

Sample 7053:
Reference: simulates a user typing action at current caret position of file .
Candidate: provide a default action in focus mode . action .

Sample 7054:
Reference: convenience method to add the coordinates to the given generalpath .
Candidate: convenience method to add the coordinates to the given generalpath .

Sample 7055:
Reference: verifies that all needles are contained in value .
Candidate: verifies that all needles are contained in value

Sample 7056:
Reference: generates the instructions to load all the method arguments on the stack as a single object array .
Candidate: generates the instructions to load all the method arguments on the stack as a single object array .

Sample 7057:
Reference: store float from stack top into the given local .
Candidate: add default to to the given local into the given local .

Sample 7058:
Reference: returns the simple name of the source from which the node has been read .
Candidate: get the uri of the containing script information that is available may have been built from error .

Sample 7059:
Reference: process a destory event for this web application context .
Candidate: <UNK> when the stop thread .

Sample 7060:
Reference: open the slidingmenu and show the secondary right menu view .
Candidate: open the slidingmenu and show the secondary right menu view .

Sample 7061:
Reference: set the default toast position
Candidate: sets the actual separator for the given key to be placed before the new resize .

Sample 7062:
Reference: repaints the graph .
Candidate: updates the theme state of a previously allocated space .

Sample 7063:
Reference: update the location of the agent using the simulation framework .
Candidate: update the location of the agent using the simulation framework .

Sample 7064:
Reference: set up all of the other objects to operate with a xntcp interface
Candidate: set up all of the other objects to operate with a <UNK> connected to this port

Sample 7065:
Reference: deal with an exception on the solrresponse fill in response header info and log the accumulated messages on the solrresponse .
Candidate: deal with an exception on the solrresponse fill in response header info and log the warning messages on the solrresponse .

Sample 7066:
Reference: verifies if the reader has support of instance from this class .
Candidate: returns whether if the type value is compatible with the type type .

Sample 7067:
Reference: copies the buffer provided as input for further processing .
Candidate: copies the buffer provided as input for further processing .

Sample 7068:
Reference: checks if cache is working in jta transaction and enlist cache as xaresource if necessary .
Candidate: check that the <UNK> is currently <UNK> and the <UNK> to be reused .

Sample 7069:
Reference: associates the given addresses with hostname .
Candidate: associates the given addresses with hostname .

Sample 7070:
Reference: creates a p sh output script with given public keys and threshold .
Candidate: creates a scriptpubkey with the given redeem keys and threshold .

Sample 7071:
Reference: validate the message to ensure that it s correct .
Candidate: check if the given and has a valid message .

Sample 7072:
Reference: saves changes resetting the original message id .
Candidate: saves changes resetting the original message id .

Sample 7073:
Reference: updates the clipping of a view
Candidate: updates the clip with the given width of a scroll view .

Sample 7074:
Reference: reads a long value from an inputstream .
Candidate: reads a long value from an inputstream .

Sample 7075:
Reference: check whether all elements of the seq satisfy the condition
Candidate: check whether all elements of the seq are the seq satisfies the condition

Sample 7076:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 7077:
Reference: inserts the specified element into this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time for another thread to receive it .
Candidate: inserts the specified element into this queue waiting if necessary up to another thread . receive it .

Sample 7078:
Reference: creates and persists a new tag type entity .
Candidate: creates and persists a new tag type entity .

Sample 7079:
Reference: add an alias to this query parser .
Candidate: add an alias to this query parser .

Sample 7080:
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .

Sample 7081:
Reference: recursively look for . r source files in the args directory and parse them .
Candidate: makes a string that makes a cached content as a printable content .

Sample 7082:
Reference: return true if the document has images .
Candidate: checks if the user is currently loaded images to the cache .

Sample 7083:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the element .

Sample 7084:
Reference: contexts statement returns s solve s solve returns s solve constraint key solvekey firstfacet equation ?
Candidate: contexts disjunction returns s reflex gamldefinition returns s reflex constraint key s value ?

Sample 7085:
Reference: returns whether the resource being visited is a team private member .
Candidate: returns true if the virtual machine is marked for a member of the distributed system .

Sample 7086:
Reference: called when the cursor moves over the hotspot in the world window .
Candidate: called when the mouse cursor has been moved on the display with the hotspot down .

Sample 7087:
Reference: release the pagecontext for the current thread
Candidate: release a thread for he current thread

Sample 7088:
Reference: this method marks the video as downloading when enqueued for download
Candidate: updates the stack and expand to the database for the passed in database

Sample 7089:
Reference: clones v object .
Candidate: by default an immutable object is assumed .

Sample 7090:
Reference: checks whether the device responded to the firmware version query .
Candidate: returns whether the payment query was used to serialize the warning .

Sample 7091:
Reference: updates provider icons .
Candidate: updates provider icons .

Sample 7092:
Reference: shows an alert dialog box .
Candidate: shows an alert dialog box .

Sample 7093:
Reference: ignore the end of this tag .
Candidate: abstract method for include the end of the <UNK> and writes the <UNK> .

Sample 7094:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the string tip text for a property .

Sample 7095:
Reference: initializes a shell instance of this group implementation that may be used to identify and instantiate instances of this type of group in the directory data .
Candidate: initializes this group provider to the <UNK> provided file .

Sample 7096:
Reference: determines whether a schema name can be used in a table definition statement .
Candidate: determines whether a schema name can be used in a table definition statement .

Sample 7097:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7098:
Reference: called when the handler is initialized
Candidate: initialise subclasses during construction cloning or deserialization .

Sample 7099:
Reference: derive class name from file path
Candidate: helper method to return an enclosing string from the given source path .

Sample 7100:
Reference: appends a comment to the given type instance .
Candidate: appends a type to comment to the given type .

Sample 7101:
Reference: convert to a string .
Candidate: returns the attribute name as a string .

Sample 7102:
Reference: create encrypted db key
Candidate: wraps the given key to be sent to the user s key .

Sample 7103:
Reference: constant for an empty option set .
Candidate: controls the option type option usually an application .

Sample 7104:
Reference: computes the result for a double value and a date
Candidate: computes the result for two double value and a date value

Sample 7105:
Reference: can a schema name be used in a procedure call statement ?
Candidate: can a schema name be used in a procedure call statement ?

Sample 7106:
Reference: test if we have enough sensor data to calculate a screen orientation
Candidate: indicates whether the application is the camera or optional .

Sample 7107:
Reference: convert enumeration value to a string .
Candidate: returns the attribute name as a string .

Sample 7108:
Reference: assign a particular instance to a container with a given containerid
Candidate: indicates the given <UNK> that is assigned to the given member with a new list of containers material .

Sample 7109:
Reference: tests policy behaviour with batch enabled .
Candidate: method that creates a policy for the <UNK> server .

Sample 7110:
Reference: writes an unsigned int into the bytebuffer at a specified position
Candidate: writes an unsigned int into the bytebuffer at a specified position

Sample 7111:
Reference: selects environment when we click on configs tab .
Candidate: select the environment variables in the <UNK> environment .

Sample 7112:
Reference: update th list of key items for correct location of coordinates
Candidate: updates the values of all <UNK> to complete and non complete page

Sample 7113:
Reference: builds a searchtimeline from the builder parameters .
Candidate: builds a fresh query using the builder parameters .

Sample 7114:
Reference: returns the description of this namedmediatype .
Candidate: string the human readable representation of the column

Sample 7115:
Reference: string representing the state .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the object in a buffer .

Sample 7116:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7117:
Reference: updates chart panel visibility depending on enlarged status .
Candidate: updates the visibility of the layer .

Sample 7118:
Reference: checks if the object is mutable
Candidate: returns true if the object is mutable false otherwise

Sample 7119:
Reference: encodes a string into its quoted printable form using the default charset .
Candidate: encodes a string into its quoted printable form using the default charset .

Sample 7120:
Reference: helper method to have the sync adapter sync immediately
Candidate: helper method to have the sync adapter sync immediately

Sample 7121:
Reference: return canonical encoded header .
Candidate: encode the header into a string .

Sample 7122:
Reference: creates an encoded image that maps to a local file thus allowing to seamlessly fetch files as needed .
Candidate: creates a new image file from the given file .

Sample 7123:
Reference: creates a new namespace entity from the request information .
Candidate: creates and persists a new namespace entity .

Sample 7124:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7125:
Reference: whether a drag operation operator or repository entry is in progress .
Candidate: returns true if the dragging is is dragging .

Sample 7126:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: sets a user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7127:
Reference: removes wheel changing listener
Candidate: removes wheel changing listener

Sample 7128:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7129:
Reference: finishing callback called after justifying
Candidate: finishing callback called after justifying

Sample 7130:
Reference: subclasses of this implementation might override this to return builtin skins for a specific implementation
Candidate: returns whether if the system has a <UNK> and <UNK> otherwise .

Sample 7131:
Reference: returns true if this firework has any effects .
Candidate: get whether this firework has any effects .

Sample 7132:
Reference: was forced to leave worldname because he or she stopped mentoring .
Candidate: you must not worldname with the alliance worldname .

Sample 7133:
Reference: resets the whole thing
Candidate: resets the contents of this dataset .

Sample 7134:
Reference: performs a query to the solr server
Candidate: performs a query to the solr server

Sample 7135:
Reference: convert from one pojo format to another pojo format .
Candidate: convert from one pojo format to another pojo format .

Sample 7136:
Reference: opens a stream to the given uri also providing the mime type length .
Candidate: opens a stream to the given uri also providing the mime type length .

Sample 7137:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: return the tip text for this property .

Sample 7138:
Reference: called when the configuration has changed and we want to reset any configuration specific members .
Candidate: updates the default configuration change in the <UNK> that should be changed .

Sample 7139:
Reference: called once the output condition has been met .
Candidate: indicates whether the output condition is enabled for the trace .

Sample 7140:
Reference: checks whether the user owns a pet
Candidate: checks if there is the focus for a <UNK>

Sample 7141:
Reference: deactivate a volume mirror this operation will attempt to both detach and delete the desired volume mirror which should already be in a fractured state .
Candidate: detach and delete the volume with a single volume or delete it .

Sample 7142:
Reference: searches for organizations in this organizational unit using wildcards .
Candidate: searches for organizations in this organizational unit using wildcards .

Sample 7143:
Reference: checks if the key that was passed in corresponds to a primer pack
Candidate: returns true if the key is required to the proper than an index

Sample 7144:
Reference: returns true if the unmanagedvolume represents a vplex virtual volume .
Candidate: returns true if the given unmanagedvolume is a vplex virtual volume .

Sample 7145:
Reference: returns the exit value of the native process represented by this object .
Candidate: returns the exit value of the native function object .

Sample 7146:
Reference: you blocked s attack .
Candidate: you have cancelled the daily quest reward .

Sample 7147:
Reference: initialize the multicast filtering to on
Candidate: initializes the mesh to see if the car is currently being enforced and

Sample 7148:
Reference: writes a character array followed by a newline .
Candidate: writes a character followed by a newline .

Sample 7149:
Reference: returns whether the next button is available for this tutorial step .
Candidate: returns true if the iterator is be processed for the current path .

Sample 7150:
Reference: cause the test to halt .
Candidate: after the output on this interpreter and returns the result .

Sample 7151:
Reference: adds a listener to track whenever the caret position has been changed .
Candidate: adds a listener to track whenever an attribute has been changed .

Sample 7152:
Reference: returns true if field keys is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field keys is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 7153:
Reference: gets a value indicating whether this directory has any error messages .
Candidate: determines if this directory with any directory .

Sample 7154:
Reference: delete from state listener
Candidate: removes a listener from the list of editor listeners .

Sample 7155:
Reference: write an object to the underlying storage or stream .
Candidate: writes an arbitrary object to this stream .

Sample 7156:
Reference: get the authorable status of the current user .
Candidate: returns true if the session is <UNK> a <UNK> for the session .

Sample 7157:
Reference: update a validationrulegroup with the given identifiers .
Candidate: updates the validation rule with the given rule group .

Sample 7158:
Reference: unregisters the event handler from the drawing editor and the active drawing view .
Candidate: unregisters the event handler from the drawing editor and the active drawing events .

Sample 7159:
Reference: checks whether the certificate is valid at the specified date .
Candidate: checks that the given date is within the certificate s validity period .

Sample 7160:
Reference: stores a float value .
Candidate: sets an integer value .

Sample 7161:
Reference: sets all the omgraphics outside of this shape to be invisible .
Candidate: combines the filter into canonical and returns the omgraphiclist bounds of this filter .

Sample 7162:
Reference: calculates the prediction error .
Candidate: gets the status code value .

Sample 7163:
Reference: returns the remaining authentication failure count .
Candidate: sends the full authentication count required to the <UNK> .

Sample 7164:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 7165:
Reference: prepares to use proceed .
Candidate: prepares to use proceed .

Sample 7166:
Reference: adds a scheme parameter to the list of parameters to be set by cross validation
Candidate: add a <UNK> parameter to the list of <UNK> functions .

Sample 7167:
Reference: instructs the buttons to redo their text .
Candidate: updates the length of the reflect the program .

Sample 7168:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object
Candidate: returns a string representation of this object

Sample 7169:
Reference: clean up the login state .
Candidate: clean up the state state

Sample 7170:
Reference: adds the given rule to the list of rules .
Candidate: adds a new rule grammar .

Sample 7171:
Reference: retrieve the specified gmail settings as a genericentry
Candidate: retrieves a new gmail store settings a a filter .

Sample 7172:
Reference: notifies all registered listeners that the annotation has changed .
Candidate: performs the notification of an annotation change event .

Sample 7173:
Reference: finishes reading a sequence and discards any unread elements .
Candidate: end the end of a end of a sequence and sequence of reads sequence .

Sample 7174:
Reference: create a timeofday from the given date at the zero second in the system default timezone .
Candidate: create a timeofday instance for the date time and the specified date time .

Sample 7175:
Reference: has become a legion centurion .
Candidate: you cannot use a legion invitation to the alliance .

Sample 7176:
Reference: parses and adds a multiple class files .
Candidate: parses and adds a multiple class files .

Sample 7177:
Reference: updates the state of this hash function with the given range of the given input array .
Candidate: updates the internal digest with the given array of bytes .

Sample 7178:
Reference: the perform final cleanup .
Candidate: end the end of an ae method .

Sample 7179:
Reference: convenience method to drop all tables .
Candidate: drops backup tables table using daos .

Sample 7180:
Reference: deletes the given file .
Candidate: deletes the given file

Sample 7181:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 7182:
Reference: returns the pod hash for a given path .
Candidate: returns a hash based on the of the statement

Sample 7183:
Reference: derived visitor method print statement tree .
Candidate: derived visitor method print statement tree .

Sample 7184:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 7185:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 7186:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 7187:
Reference: accepts a message that was dispatched under the given delivery instance .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> marking <UNK> <UNK> on the the store and <UNK> the remote peer .

Sample 7188:
Reference: return the double value number rounded to ndigits digits after the decimal point .
Candidate: returns the integer number as a string .

Sample 7189:
Reference: returns true if any media is seekable
Candidate: returns true if any media is seekable

Sample 7190:
Reference: see if an integer array contains the desired value .
Candidate: check if array contains a array .

Sample 7191:
Reference: guess if a chars array is in the rtl direction or not .
Candidate: guess if a chars array is in the rtl direction or not .

Sample 7192:
Reference: send a warning log message
Candidate: send a warning log message

Sample 7193:
Reference: returns true if a fake drag is in progress .
Candidate: returns true if a fake drag is in progress .

Sample 7194:
Reference: compares a double with a object
Candidate: compares a double with a object

Sample 7195:
Reference: you declined s summoning .
Candidate: you have entered the daily sell limit .

Sample 7196:
Reference: draws the given mesh with each face or vertex tinted using its related normal vector as rgb color .
Candidate: tell the <UNK> to to fall out to the mesh centroid of the faces .

Sample 7197:
Reference: package private method used by the test suite .
Candidate: clears the current state entity for this <UNK> .

Sample 7198:
Reference: visits a method instruction .
Candidate: visits a method instruction .

Sample 7199:
Reference: computes the sum of the elements of an array of doubles .
Candidate: computes the sum of the elements of an array of doubles .

Sample 7200:
Reference: returns true if the inner tips of the slices are visible behind the hole false if not .
Candidate: returns true if the inner tips of the slices are visible behind the hole false if not .

Sample 7201:
Reference: publish a recovery message to the other servers .
Candidate: publish a message to contain the other message .

Sample 7202:
Reference: creates a new set xxx prop sub command for a set relation .
Candidate: creates a new set xxx prop sub command for a set relation .

Sample 7203:
Reference: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .
Candidate: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .

Sample 7204:
Reference: find the name of the replica set precedes the host addresses .
Candidate: returns the registry set and add a prefix to the given string .

Sample 7205:
Reference: updates the given type in the type system .
Candidate: updates the saved type from the database .

Sample 7206:
Reference: prints a message at assert priority .
Candidate: prints a message at assert priority .

Sample 7207:
Reference: return an enumeration of the extension field s object ids .
Candidate: return an enumeration of the extension field s object ids .

Sample 7208:
Reference: visits the enclosing class of the class .
Candidate: visits the enclosing class of the class .

Sample 7209:
Reference: read entity record from database table .
Candidate: load the load object stored in this object object for an entity .

Sample 7210:
Reference: create a resource relative to this resource .
Candidate: creates a file entry for the given path .

Sample 7211:
Reference: virtual frame never pop
Candidate: virtual frame never pop

Sample 7212:
Reference: self api add the vertex to the context .
Candidate: based the the vertex with the extra vertex .

Sample 7213:
Reference: convert a value to an instance of the generic type .
Candidate: parse the key value and returns the value at the given key .

Sample 7214:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 7215:
Reference: gets the transformed expression supplying the argument value for the given argument index
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7216:
Reference: serialize this resultset to the given output stream as a json document when the pointset is not available .
Candidate: writes a json to binary

Sample 7217:
Reference: determine if the given type is assignable from the given value assuming setting by reflection .
Candidate: determine if the given type is assignable from the given value assuming setting by reflection .

Sample 7218:
Reference: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .
Candidate: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .

Sample 7219:
Reference: delivers error message to the errorlistener that the request was initialized with .
Candidate: delivers error message to the errorlistener that the request was initialized with .

Sample 7220:
Reference: returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product .
Candidate: returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product .

Sample 7221:
Reference: set the time an element lives before being expired .
Candidate: automatically removes all entries from the cache that automatically it the the given time .

Sample 7222:
Reference: put multiple key values to the store .
Candidate: put this the array of key value to this map .

Sample 7223:
Reference: writes the name of the entity it is a must element .
Candidate: writes the name to a it it is a must element .

Sample 7224:
Reference: visits a line number declaration .
Candidate: visits a line number declaration .

Sample 7225:
Reference: renders this svg document to a canvas object .
Candidate: draw a canvas to the coordinate system .

Sample 7226:
Reference: invoked when a probe is added into the timeline view .
Candidate: invoked when a probe is added into the timeline view .

Sample 7227:
Reference: no metric is done .
Candidate: called when the whole map is not inserted into the map .

Sample 7228:
Reference: register details about a perticular preference so that it can be displayed in the gui and provide a meaning full description when presented to the user .
Candidate: called when a single item has been added to the text

Sample 7229:
Reference: kicks the given user from the server .
Candidate: kicks the given user from the server .

Sample 7230:
Reference: adds a listener for events that are run when keys are added on the given executor .
Candidate: adds a listener for events that are run when keys are added .

Sample 7231:
Reference: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced from a collection .
Candidate: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced from a collection .

Sample 7232:
Reference: allows sub classes to wrap the provided context and return the wrapping context .
Candidate: this will want to keep the work in the context thread

Sample 7233:
Reference: currently only intended for forcing renegotiation for testing .
Candidate: currently only intended for forcing renegotiation for testing .

Sample 7234:
Reference: returns the max endpoint of this interval .
Candidate: the upper bound for the value .

Sample 7235:
Reference: this visitable method will visit through the visitor classes which is passed as parameter and based on different visitor the visitable filter instance will be resolved .
Candidate: this visitable method will visit through the visitor classes which is passed as parameter and based on different class the visitable filter instance will be resolved .

Sample 7236:
Reference: applies this function to the given argument .
Candidate: applies this function to the given argument .

Sample 7237:
Reference: skilltarget became bound because skillcaster used skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget s resistance bleeding state because skillcaster used skillname .

Sample 7238:
Reference: creates a media type with the video type and the given subtype .
Candidate: creates a media type with the video type and the given subtype .

Sample 7239:
Reference: returns a new inputregister instance with a given value .
Candidate: returns a new inputregister instance with a given value .

Sample 7240:
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .

Sample 7241:
Reference: starting a new document .
Candidate: starting a new document .

Sample 7242:
Reference: the callback used by an asynchronous resolver when an exception is thrown
Candidate: called when an error occurs on the log window .

Sample 7243:
Reference: determines whether this object should get a default acl .
Candidate: indicates if this is the default to for all types .

Sample 7244:
Reference: called when a player right clicks on a block while holding this item .
Candidate: called when a right click block was dispatched to a player with this operand .

Sample 7245:
Reference: calculates a b c mod group order and returns the result .
Candidate: reduces an encoded field element element to the same order and returns the result .

Sample 7246:
Reference: does the executable have generic information .
Candidate: does the executable have generic information .

Sample 7247:
Reference: process the return back logic return true if back pressed event has been processed and should stay in current view
Candidate: process the return back logic return true if back pressed event has been processed and should stay in current view

Sample 7248:
Reference: require the javascript engine to be loaded before continuing .
Candidate: called when loading .

Sample 7249:
Reference: clears the given gutter .
Candidate: clears the given gutter .

Sample 7250:
Reference: affects the return values of isvaliddroptarget to allow for edges as drop targets .
Candidate: returns whether the split is enabled for the radial hull .

Sample 7251:
Reference: performs a sha hash of the concatenated inputs .
Candidate: returns the sha hash of two input codes .

Sample 7252:
Reference: peeks at the next unicode code point without advancing the reader and returns its value .
Candidate: <UNK> point from the input and and has the read length .

Sample 7253:
Reference: execute shell commands default return result msg
Candidate: execute shell commands default return result msg

Sample 7254:
Reference: stop listening to changes to this characteristic .
Candidate: unsubscribes from the one .

Sample 7255:
Reference: parse the first byte of a vint vlong to determine the number of bytes
Candidate: decode a little endian byte size to a byte value .

Sample 7256:
Reference: gets the contents at the given uri .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given uri .

Sample 7257:
Reference: called when user attempts to create a new account .
Candidate: called when user attempts to create a new account .

Sample 7258:
Reference: checks whether the given point is inside any of the shapes of the plot .
Candidate: tests whether the point point is contained in the shape of the shapes of the plot .

Sample 7259:
Reference: gets the actual class value .
Candidate: gets the actual class value .

Sample 7260:
Reference: the subclass determines all intersections .
Candidate: return the intersection when all segments segments has computed or equal to the given intersection .

Sample 7261:
Reference: teleport a player to a specific location
Candidate: teleport teleports to to notify teleports .

Sample 7262:
Reference: return an iterator which will visit each tuple in the buddy hash bucket for the specified key .
Candidate: return an iterator which will be the specified key in the specified key .

Sample 7263:
Reference: returns true if field error is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field error is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 7264:
Reference: read the data files and construct the temporalomgraphics .
Candidate: creates the <UNK> dataset and return all data values .

Sample 7265:
Reference: istime returns true if string arguments hour minute and second form a valid time .
Candidate: istime returns true if string arguments hour minute second form a valid time .

Sample 7266:
Reference: derermines whether an ldap url has query components .
Candidate: determines if the url exists in a url

Sample 7267:
Reference: deletes the underlying file .
Candidate: deletes the underlying file .

Sample 7268:
Reference: performs this operation on the given arguments .
Candidate: performs this operation on the given arguments .

Sample 7269:
Reference: sends an enter element event to the specified eventreceiver thread .
Candidate: send method to send a <UNK> element for the specified member .

Sample 7270:
Reference: adds a single rdn to the end of this ldap name .
Candidate: adds a single rdn to the end of this ldap name .

Sample 7271:
Reference: this cluster s zk connection string aka zookeeper . connect in hostnameorip port format .
Candidate: returns string termination string .

Sample 7272:
Reference: returns whether the given character is a high surrogate
Candidate: returns whether the given character is a high surrogate

Sample 7273:
Reference: this method is called when executing this application from the command line .
Candidate: the main method for running this line .

Sample 7274:
Reference: notifies listeners about starting scrolling
Candidate: notifies listeners about starting scrolling

Sample 7275:
Reference: a new pattern has begun .
Candidate: a new pattern has begun .

Sample 7276:
Reference: contentssaved whether the editor contents was saved for now not used in our app not tested well so don t depend your logic on this
Candidate: checks if the plotter is a saved data or not .

Sample 7277:
Reference: sends a message containing only the what value .
Candidate: sends a message containing only the what value .

Sample 7278:
Reference: creates a minimal video format .
Candidate: creates a minimal video format .

Sample 7279:
Reference: force cookie expiration by sending an expired cookie to the browser .
Candidate: clear the session of the session to the context of the request s

Sample 7280:
Reference: returns true if local interest has been computed
Candidate: returns true if local <UNK> has to be out for the local .

Sample 7281:
Reference: note this method is not documented it should do following
Candidate: note this method is not documented it should do following

Sample 7282:
Reference: determine if we should do power saving sleep on pre lollipop
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is a hint to the power of which can be applied to the power .

Sample 7283:
Reference: implement the parcelable interface
Candidate: implement the parcelable interface

Sample 7284:
Reference: invoked before the selected handler runs .
Candidate: request will be called to get request information .

Sample 7285:
Reference: tests if the thread context class loader is bound to a context .
Candidate: returns true if the current class is currently a java classloader .

Sample 7286:
Reference: tells you if filling in fields is allowed .
Candidate: provide to if if we have an advanced enough to pass whether the signature is allowed .

Sample 7287:
Reference: stores a double value .
Candidate: stores a double value .

Sample 7288:
Reference: tell if the character argument that is from a text node has a mapping to a string for example to map to lt .
Candidate: tell if the character character that is from a text node has a mapping to a string for example to map to lt .

Sample 7289:
Reference: initiate an entry sequence for the state .
Candidate: initiate an entry for a sequence .

Sample 7290:
Reference: this method generates handler for async methods in rest apis .
Candidate: this method generates handler for converting the billing methods in apis .

Sample 7291:
Reference: creates new write descriptor request .
Candidate: creates new write descriptor request .

Sample 7292:
Reference: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .
Candidate: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .

Sample 7293:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the ok button .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the ok button .

Sample 7294:
Reference: creates a simpledateformat using specified formatstring .
Candidate: creates a date formatter if a date object .

Sample 7295:
Reference: starts the server in setdaemon true mode .
Candidate: start blocking the specified stream .

Sample 7296:
Reference: prints a string representation of this permission .
Candidate: returns the string form if current .

Sample 7297:
Reference: adds a listener to track whenever the caret position has been changed .
Candidate: adds a listener to the model .

Sample 7298:
Reference: adds to the list only if the string s has not alreay been added
Candidate: add a list list to the list list .

Sample 7299:
Reference: returns whether it has the owner update .
Candidate: returns whether it has the global address for which <UNK> .

Sample 7300:
Reference: collects all interfaces of a class node including those defined by the super class .
Candidate: collects all interfaces of a class class by the super class .

Sample 7301:
Reference: sql command to drop triggers
Candidate: sql command to drop triggers

Sample 7302:
Reference: draws the text bottom and right border of the pentagon and returning the used height .
Candidate: the drawing point to draw the style of the given origin and longitude .

Sample 7303:
Reference: notifies the annotation model that the given annotation has been modified .
Candidate: notifies the annotation model that the given annotation has been modified .

Sample 7304:
Reference: appends a given text to the xhtmltext .
Candidate: appends a single string to the end of the text builder .

Sample 7305:
Reference: extracts the queue name given a pinlater queue database name .
Candidate: helper for the name of the database name to qualified name . name .

Sample 7306:
Reference: string describing default filter .
Candidate: string for default filter .

Sample 7307:
Reference: sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .

Sample 7308:
Reference: returns a node to the pool
Candidate: store node for reuse it s stats .

Sample 7309:
Reference: swaps out the cursor for a new one
Candidate: swaps out the cursor and return the last index of the map

Sample 7310:
Reference: dump the dom tree to adb shell if tofile is false otherwise dump it to sdcard domtree . txt debug only
Candidate: print the global tree of the <UNK> to to a bufferedimage .

Sample 7311:
Reference: indicates whether an attempt was made to retrieve and read the texture but it failed .
Candidate: returns true if the initialization of the <UNK> flow failed .

Sample 7312:
Reference: signals a waiting put .
Candidate: signals a waiting put .

Sample 7313:
Reference: removes the value associated with the given key exact match .
Candidate: removes the value associated with the given key exact match .

Sample 7314:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7315:
Reference: a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as described by camera . parameters .
Candidate: a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as described by camera . parameters .

Sample 7316:
Reference: clears the iterator using its remove method .
Candidate: clears the iterator using its remove method .

Sample 7317:
Reference: resets this writer .
Candidate: resets this writer .

Sample 7318:
Reference: release the calling thread s portion of this object s read lock . p requires ll self .
Candidate: after the read of this object is read all entries .

Sample 7319:
Reference: returns a short string representation of this constraints object .
Candidate: return the string representation of the persistent rectangle in a compact form .

Sample 7320:
Reference: restarts the current gesture
Candidate: restarts the current gesture if any .

Sample 7321:
Reference: start the specified animation now .
Candidate: the animation is used to start the current confetti animation

Sample 7322:
Reference: add distinct entry to list
Candidate: add distinct entry to list

Sample 7323:
Reference: cross animate two views showing one hiding the other .
Candidate: search the specified view of the view view .

Sample 7324:
Reference: adds an amidentity object to this search result .
Candidate: add the given exception for the map to the <UNK> .

Sample 7325:
Reference: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .
Candidate: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .

Sample 7326:
Reference: logs the user in with the requested read permissions .
Candidate: logs the user in with the requested read permissions .

Sample 7327:
Reference: frees any resources this parser may be holding .
Candidate: frees any resources this parser may be holding .

Sample 7328:
Reference: gets the name of a downloadsnapshottask for a cassandradaemontask .
Candidate: gets the name of a backupuploadtask for a cassandradaemontask .

Sample 7329:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .

Sample 7330:
Reference: returns default name for cassandra column if it s not specified explicitly .
Candidate: returns the default name of the type that is usually be used in the <UNK> .

Sample 7331:
Reference: return the namespace name of the element s type .
Candidate: return the namespace name of the element s type .

Sample 7332:
Reference: removes from a pattern all tokens to the right containing wildcards
Candidate: removes from a pattern all tokens to the right containing wildcards

Sample 7333:
Reference: search implementation with arbitrary sorting .
Candidate: searches for the <UNK> query and returns the <UNK> object .

Sample 7334:
Reference: close the window immediately and cleanup .
Candidate: completely removes all resources associated with this activity and listener .

Sample 7335:
Reference: present the final image on the screen viewport .
Candidate: present the final image on the screen viewport .

Sample 7336:
Reference: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .
Candidate: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .

Sample 7337:
Reference: apply this transform to a single feature vector .
Candidate: compute a feature to to the aggregation and provides the aggregation features as the aggregation .

Sample 7338:
Reference: uses a default description and a single file extension .
Candidate: uses a single allowed file extension .

Sample 7339:
Reference: resumes the ken burns effect animation .
Candidate: resumes the ken burns effect animation .

Sample 7340:
Reference: close the matrix file .
Candidate: closes the input stream and close it .

Sample 7341:
Reference: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .
Candidate: fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist this method will do nothing .

Sample 7342:
Reference: convert the return item from the iterator to a jcas .
Candidate: process the validation from the jcas .

Sample 7343:
Reference: called when the entire ui is being destroyed and will be no longer in use .
Candidate: called when the entire ui is being destroyed and will be longer be used .

Sample 7344:
Reference: removes all edges with the given label in the graph .
Candidate: removes all edges between the given label in the graph .

Sample 7345:
Reference: add the sensory data to the active memory .
Candidate: add the active data information to the active machine .

Sample 7346:
Reference: adds another item to the queue blocking while the queue is full .
Candidate: adds another item to the queue blocking while the queue is full .

Sample 7347:
Reference: subscribe to backward navigation
Candidate: subscribe to forward navigation

Sample 7348:
Reference: clear any choices previously set
Candidate: clear any choices previously set

Sample 7349:
Reference: call this method after the user changes the preference but before the internal state is set .
Candidate: call this method after the user changes the preference but before the internal state is set .

Sample 7350:
Reference: does a region registerinterest on a server described by the given connection p note that this call by passes the registerinteresttracker .
Candidate: does a region registerinterest on a server described by the given server location p note that this call by passes the <UNK> .

Sample 7351:
Reference: answer true if the receiver is an anonymous type false otherwise
Candidate: answer true if the receiver is an anonymous type false otherwise

Sample 7352:
Reference: visits a type instruction .
Candidate: visits a type instruction .

Sample 7353:
Reference: invoker return true if no user and no role
Candidate: is whether the attribute is a unique attribute .

Sample 7354:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7355:
Reference: updates the enabled disabled state of the menu items .
Candidate: updates the menu currently stored in the menu menu

Sample 7356:
Reference: configure the bootstrap before it get bound
Candidate: configures the server init to an ap which will be to the gemfire server .

Sample 7357:
Reference: determine if a launch type will result in the tab being opened in the foreground .
Candidate: returns true if the tab is be opened as the of of the tab false otherwise .

Sample 7358:
Reference: opens a tcp and udp server .
Candidate: opens a tcp and udp client .

Sample 7359:
Reference: checks whether the filename looks legitimate
Candidate: checks whether the filename looks legitimate

Sample 7360:
Reference: display loading failed view
Candidate: display loading failed view

Sample 7361:
Reference: returns true if the room will persist after the last occupant have left the room .
Candidate: check if we referenced add to non persistent property .

Sample 7362:
Reference: this method deletes some or all of the text on the screen without moving the cursor .
Candidate: this method moves the cursor of all the characters in the current line without moving the cursor .

Sample 7363:
Reference: returns whether the user asked to configure the replication server on this server .
Candidate: returns the replication server instance to be <UNK> for each of the servers .

Sample 7364:
Reference: request a call back when the bound rate or run property changes .
Candidate: adds a property change listener .

Sample 7365:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 7366:
Reference: check type of section element defined by key .
Candidate: check type of section element defined by key .

Sample 7367:
Reference: send transport header over stream .
Candidate: writes the error message to the following list of marshalledinstances .

Sample 7368:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7369:
Reference: return the slabid of the slab that contains the given addr .
Candidate: find the address for the given physical address .

Sample 7370:
Reference: indicates whether the given processing hint exists .
Candidate: check if the handler is called for the <UNK> .

Sample 7371:
Reference: triggered after synchronization batch of operations was completed successfully .
Candidate: triggered after synchronization batch of operations was completed successfully .

Sample 7372:
Reference: checks two delegationpermission objects for equality .
Candidate: checks two delegationpermission objects for equality .

Sample 7373:
Reference: try the best we can to convert a java encoding to a xml style encoding .
Candidate: try the best we can to convert a java encoding to a xml style encoding .

Sample 7374:
Reference: called to serialize an object of type t to json using the jsongenerator and field name .
Candidate: write an instance of the objects to a json object .

Sample 7375:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting if necessary for space to become available .

Sample 7376:
Reference: this method prepares the share metadata for a new user .
Candidate: called when a user is attempted to extract the key information from this key .

Sample 7377:
Reference: add an analyticjob into retry list .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to the list of <UNK> that can be applied to the time

Sample 7378:
Reference: call this method to cancel drag interaction .
Candidate: call this method to prevent this event from bubbling to this widget s parent true or undefined to bubble .

Sample 7379:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera driver if still in use .

Sample 7380:
Reference: returns size of iterable .
Candidate: returns the number of elements contained in the provided iterable .

Sample 7381:
Reference: transfers the capabilities object to the jlist .
Candidate: update the selected list from the

Sample 7382:
Reference: is there limited support for outer joins ?
Candidate: determines whether the database provides limited support for outer join operations .

Sample 7383:
Reference: attempts to remove the provided group as a nested group within this group .
Candidate: removes the provided group dn from a provided group . this group .

Sample 7384:
Reference: requests focus on this component .
Candidate: sends a focus to this focus state .

Sample 7385:
Reference: determine whether the first variable is at least as general as the second .
Candidate: check if the variables is set to the <UNK> or not .

Sample 7386:
Reference: returns true if this policy has attempts remaining false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if this policy has attempts remaining false otherwise .

Sample 7387:
Reference: call a method of the object with named arguments
Candidate: call a method of the component with named arguments

Sample 7388:
Reference: you do not have enough mana to continue using .
Candidate: you have not to extract the instanced of .

Sample 7389:
Reference: invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .
Candidate: invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .

Sample 7390:
Reference: convenience method that forwards the supplied request to the node selected by hashing the request uri path
Candidate: forwards the request to a request explaining the <UNK> to request .

Sample 7391:
Reference: clone and sort the array if not already sorted .
Candidate: <UNK> for each column index in the array of integers .

Sample 7392:
Reference: if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that offset .
Candidate: if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that offset .

Sample 7393:
Reference: check whether the block can be placed at the given location .
Candidate: called if a block can be called from a block .

Sample 7394:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids for fields that may be accessed from c .
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 7395:
Reference: initialize the animator used for the progress of the save completed state .
Candidate: initialize the progress bar and reset the progress of a new imageview

Sample 7396:
Reference: returns this with the specified mandatory not conditions .
Candidate: returns this with not specified .

Sample 7397:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 7398:
Reference: return true if this animation changes the view s alpha property .
Candidate: test if the <UNK> has an interface <UNK> of the information .

Sample 7399:
Reference: return the number of fields in this bmh .
Candidate: return the number of fields in this bmh .

Sample 7400:
Reference: creates a new object of the same class as this object .
Candidate: returns a clone of this object .

Sample 7401:
Reference: cancels all running operations for all objects .
Candidate: cancels all running running running in the jvm .

Sample 7402:
Reference: asserts that cache doesn t contains key .
Candidate: validate when topology is not .

Sample 7403:
Reference: attach callbacks for when the promise is fulfilled rejected and for when it s either fulfilled or rejected .
Candidate: attach callbacks for when the promise is fulfilled or rejected .

Sample 7404:
Reference: reuses an existing endpoint by applying new properties to it
Candidate: sets the <UNK> configuration to to this service that will be included in the all of

Sample 7405:
Reference: initializes this parameter generator with a set of algorithm specific parameter generation values .
Candidate: initializes this key generator with a set of algorithm parameters of randomness .

Sample 7406:
Reference: overridable callback method invoked with the contents of each directory .
Candidate: overridable callback method invoked with the contents of each directory .

Sample 7407:
Reference: pop the last pushed axes iterator .
Candidate: pop the last pushed axes iterator .

Sample 7408:
Reference: evento que borra la foto escaneada .
Candidate: evento que borra la foto escaneada .

Sample 7409:
Reference: enables or disables the digest function default is on .
Candidate: enables or disables the digest function default is on .

Sample 7410:
Reference: returns true if the rotation lock toggle should be shown in the ui .
Candidate: checks if the given <UNK> is is visible to the user .

Sample 7411:
Reference: gets the preferred dxva deinterlacing configuration setting windows only .
Candidate: gets the preferred dxva deinterlacing configuration setting windows only .

Sample 7412:
Reference: this method initialize and shows the downloadprogressview .
Candidate: show the dialog with the given id and download the preview .

Sample 7413:
Reference: returns true if the page has been initialized loaded
Candidate: indicates whether this vsdecoder has been initialized .

Sample 7414:
Reference: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .
Candidate: this method adds a new parameter to an http request and if appropriate updates the content length header .

Sample 7415:
Reference: call this to get the error value of this unit .
Candidate: override the the error value for this value .

Sample 7416:
Reference: asserts that an element is not clickable .
Candidate: waits up for checking when the element is not visible .

Sample 7417:
Reference: creates edits from a sortedmap containing tags as sequential key value pairs
Candidate: load the supplied view of the <UNK> map and <UNK> value

Sample 7418:
Reference: writes a class descriptor to the target stream .
Candidate: writes a class descriptor to the target stream .

Sample 7419:
Reference: sets the transaction time start .
Candidate: sets the transaction time to use for the <UNK> time .

Sample 7420:
Reference: updates the visibility of the edges depending on whether multiple edges are hidden or not .
Candidate: updates the center edge up to the <UNK> either this hides or shows multiple edges between the same nodes .

Sample 7421:
Reference: lifecycle hook method that s called when this activity is created .
Candidate: lifecycle hook method that s called when this activity is created .

Sample 7422:
Reference: determine if the expression contains a dynamically defined word .
Candidate: determines whether this client is is dynamic .

Sample 7423:
Reference: if true do not open windows or browsers
Candidate: returns if this message is headless .

Sample 7424:
Reference: show or hide selected item background
Candidate: update the selected information of the selected indicator if not changed .

Sample 7425:
Reference: play the sound with the given resource .
Candidate: play the sound with the given resource .

Sample 7426:
Reference: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph view settings .
Candidate: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the gui .

Sample 7427:
Reference: replaces every occurence of a block s id .
Candidate: replaces every occurence of a block s id .

Sample 7428:
Reference: sets the end position of the change .
Candidate: sets the end position of the change .

Sample 7429:
Reference: emits a message to the log timestamped with the specified time .
Candidate: logs the specified time .

Sample 7430:
Reference: creates an album that streams the images as they are created onto the host machine .
Candidate: creates a new album that will be started on the same disk .

Sample 7431:
Reference: return the last basic block with respect to the current code linearization order .
Candidate: return the last basic block of the basic block .

Sample 7432:
Reference: called when request is about to be submitted to the orchestrator s executor queue .
Candidate: request a request to the request .

Sample 7433:
Reference: returns the next element in the iteration .
Candidate: returns the next element in the iteration .

Sample 7434:
Reference: finishes writing current uncompressed data into the inflateroutputstream without closing it .
Candidate: finishes writing current uncompressed data into the inflateroutputstream without closing it .

Sample 7435:
Reference: this is called when the user has started touching this widget .
Candidate: called when this widget starts

Sample 7436:
Reference: inner method to inform all subscribed listeners of the sub equipment supervision event
Candidate: fires method to inform the supervision event of the equipment supervision event

Sample 7437:
Reference: look at the top of the stack
Candidate: returns true if we should not receive a <UNK> entity in the <UNK> .

Sample 7438:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 7439:
Reference: returns the netty event loop group .
Candidate: gets the minimum group that has case of of this step of adding it . .

Sample 7440:
Reference: update the first header after writing .
Candidate: updates the header header when the the header is changed .

Sample 7441:
Reference: make a string representation of this char set .
Candidate: returns a z of string containing in the interval

Sample 7442:
Reference: remove the specified connection from the list of managed connections by this connection factory .
Candidate: removes the specified connection from the list of managed objects by this the factory interface .

Sample 7443:
Reference: multiplies the two numbers can be of any number type and returns the type result that the number helper handles .
Candidate: multiplies the two numbers can be of any number type and type result type any type result .

Sample 7444:
Reference: computes a result or throws an exception if unable to do so .
Candidate: computes a java object or throws an exception if unable to do so .

Sample 7445:
Reference: returns true if the group is encrypted .
Candidate: return whether if this is the encrypted property and not be encrypted .

Sample 7446:
Reference: overridden for performance reasons .
Candidate: overridden for performance reasons .

Sample 7447:
Reference: append data to history list load more
Candidate: append data to history list load more

Sample 7448:
Reference: indicates whether the specified character is an upper case letter .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified character is an upper case letter .

Sample 7449:
Reference: gets whether the reader will decode parameter values that use circumflex accent encoding enabled by default .
Candidate: gets whether the reader will decode parameter values that use circumflex accent encoding enabled by default .

Sample 7450:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 7451:
Reference: load from an input stream .
Candidate: load from a reader and commit .

Sample 7452:
Reference: parses a string value from the stream .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the given int buffer .

Sample 7453:
Reference: returns true if this service has global sub schema .
Candidate: returns true if global service has global .

Sample 7454:
Reference: registers the specified space type descriptor in the space .
Candidate: creates the type descriptor for the specified type and creates it in the space .

Sample 7455:
Reference: given a queryresponse returned by solrserver . query asserts that the numfound on the doc list matches the expectation
Candidate: given a queryresponse returned by solrserver . query asserts that the numfound on the doc list matches the expectation

Sample 7456:
Reference: update the entries in the lucene index
Candidate: updates a change to the lucene

Sample 7457:
Reference: is in the region .
Candidate: you have too at the the game .

Sample 7458:
Reference: this methods is blocking .
Candidate: parses the role model and returns a new list of <UNK> objects .

Sample 7459:
Reference: add the specified amount of items to the collection .
Candidate: add an item to the cache .

Sample 7460:
Reference: processes a request to stop the playback .
Candidate: processes a request to stop the playback .

Sample 7461:
Reference: disconnects the given ldap connection logging any failure to do so appropriately .
Candidate: completes the server connection with the provided message .

Sample 7462:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7463:
Reference: create sha hash of origin string
Candidate: return the sha hash of string with .

Sample 7464:
Reference: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
Candidate: tests if the substring of this string to determine if the specified character starts with prefix .

Sample 7465:
Reference: decrements the current index and returns the character at the new index .
Candidate: decrements the current index and returns the character at the new index .

Sample 7466:
Reference: returns true if this elementinfo is valid .
Candidate: indicates whether this elementinfo is valid .

Sample 7467:
Reference: out print trie for debug
Candidate: prints the nodes to the trie

Sample 7468:
Reference: removes the specified permission from this acl entry .
Candidate: removes the specified permission from this acl entry .

Sample 7469:
Reference: save data for pdp config data .
Candidate: save the extended config information for pep entity .

Sample 7470:
Reference: start the job on the service .
Candidate: called when the user wants to start the service and then interrupt the <UNK> .

Sample 7471:
Reference: create an instance of issuedtokenelement
Candidate: create an instance of basic token

Sample 7472:
Reference: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .
Candidate: default toxml method to marshal object into xml .

Sample 7473:
Reference: if true non serializable objects are allowed .
Candidate: returns whether the not this is is enough for the <UNK> . .

Sample 7474:
Reference: formats an array into the form a lt delim gt b lt delim gt c .
Candidate: formats an array into the array form a and b .

Sample 7475:
Reference: gets a pre configured documentbuilder provider that caches document builder instances in a per thread lru cache .
Candidate: creates a new builder with the given id size

Sample 7476:
Reference: writes a bit character to the buffer .
Candidate: writes a char character to a char buffer .

Sample 7477:
Reference: prune the values with a probability below a given threshold
Candidate: prunes all values below in the distribution is lower than the threshold .

Sample 7478:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7479:
Reference: contexts typerefforcast returns thistyperefnominal typeargintypetyperef returns thistyperefnominal thistyperef returns thistyperefnominal thistyperefnominal returns thistyperefnominal constraint thistyperefnominal
Candidate: contexts typerefforcast returns thistyperefnominal typeargintypetyperef returns thistyperefnominal thistyperef returns thistyperefnominal thistyperefnominal returns thistyperefnominal constraint thistyperefnominal

Sample 7480:
Reference: this method determines whether a document jcas is removed or retained .
Candidate: decides if this pass should pass the given word .

Sample 7481:
Reference: consume an expected token throwing an exception if it isn t there .
Candidate: consume an expected token throwing an exception if it isn t there .

Sample 7482:
Reference: prints debugging messages to the console .
Candidate: prints given debug message and log it as a tag in the logger .

Sample 7483:
Reference: returns true if the jclass is assignable to the class .
Candidate: returns true if the jclass is assignable to the class .

Sample 7484:
Reference: transform boolean byte short and char into int .
Candidate: transform boolean byte short and short into int .

Sample 7485:
Reference: sets whether imageloader will consider exif parameters of jpeg image rotate flip
Candidate: sets whether imageloader will consider exif parameters of jpeg image rotate flip

Sample 7486:
Reference: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
Candidate: set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .

Sample 7487:
Reference: return a workflow . method for rollbackcreatemetavolume .
Candidate: return the workflow method that is the workflow method to validate the meta volumes .

Sample 7488:
Reference: returns an enumeration of the values in this table .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the same in this table .

Sample 7489:
Reference: populates the region with the objects stores in the data object array .
Candidate: populates the region with the objects stores in the data object array .

Sample 7490:
Reference: the shard is unassigned not allocated to any node .
Candidate: return if the state is disabled a state machine .

Sample 7491:
Reference: returns true if the specified file path has a file extension which would be imported by sagetv into its library .
Candidate: returns true if file file is not compatible with the specified file

Sample 7492:
Reference: executes a given attack .
Candidate: execute a deployment interface if all services .

Sample 7493:
Reference: returns whether it has the number of written sidewiki entries .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 7494:
Reference: coverts given ints array to array of floats .
Candidate: coverts given ints array to array of floats .

Sample 7495:
Reference: unregisters to stop notifying the listener when audio capabilities change .
Candidate: unregisters to stop notifying the listener when audio capabilities change .

Sample 7496:
Reference: combines the two bitarrays using bitwise or .
Candidate: combines the two <UNK> using bitwise or .

Sample 7497:
Reference: returns true if the provided log level is loggable either through environment options or a previous call to setalwaysloggable .
Candidate: returns true if the provided log level is loggable either environment environment options or a previous call to <UNK> .

Sample 7498:
Reference: find if any of the items from the cache whose keys match the specified predicate .
Candidate: find if any of the items match the cache whose keys match the specified predicate .

Sample 7499:
Reference: return true if fp is contained in the hash table otherwise insert it and return false .
Candidate: invoked by the implementation is to be a fluid memory .

Sample 7500:
Reference: start document print for type .
Candidate: launch output for for start .

Sample 7501:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7502:
Reference: determines if all the unmanaged volumes within an unmanaged consistency group have been ingested
Candidate: returns true if the passed in is the stable storage in the unmanagedconsistencygroup .

Sample 7503:
Reference: edits a local comment associated with a code node .
Candidate: edits a local comment from a local comment .

Sample 7504:
Reference: creates an instances object with the attributes we will be calculating .
Candidate: make the http response .

Sample 7505:
Reference: this method will be called once for each line .
Candidate: this method will be called once for each line .

Sample 7506:
Reference: formats the name as a class name .
Candidate: determine the class name name as a class name .

Sample 7507:
Reference: enable disable the joint limit .
Candidate: enable disable the joint limit .

Sample 7508:
Reference: indicates whether this storage scheme is reversible i . e . it is possible to obtain the original plaintext value from the stored password .
Candidate: returns whether the not this is a fixed parity of the <UNK> .

Sample 7509:
Reference: classifies a sequence of feature lists .
Candidate: classifies a list of features .

Sample 7510:
Reference: handle rewriting after the containers encodeurl has been called .
Candidate: requires the <UNK> response from a cache url .

Sample 7511:
Reference: initialize the velocity runtime with the name of extendedproperties object .
Candidate: initializes the evaluation with the provided root of extendedproperties object .

Sample 7512:
Reference: removes a widget from the window .
Candidate: remove the provided from the the of the this widget .

Sample 7513:
Reference: get topic to which replication responses are sent .
Candidate: gets the sha registry for all entries in the cache .

Sample 7514:
Reference: gets a hashcode for this vector .
Candidate: computes a hash coordinate for the coordinate coordinate

Sample 7515:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: set the value of the matrix element at column and row

Sample 7516:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> should be <UNK> in a <UNK> statement .

Sample 7517:
Reference: this method is called when files have been successfully dropped .
Candidate: this method is called when files have been successfully dropped .

Sample 7518:
Reference: writes a bit unsigned integer to the buffer at the given offset .
Candidate: writes a bit unsigned integer to the buffer to the buffer .

Sample 7519:
Reference: evaluates this hash function with the remaining contents of the given input buffer .
Candidate: evaluates this hash function for the entire contents of the input buffer .

Sample 7520:
Reference: create an instance of referencetype
Candidate: create an instance of referencetype

Sample 7521:
Reference: start waiting for a valid handshake .
Candidate: start a job to be called for the current timer service .

Sample 7522:
Reference: get an iterator over all rows with the given data value .
Candidate: get an iterator over all rows with the given data value .

Sample 7523:
Reference: will be called when all changes are done on the server before sending to the daq layer .
Candidate: called if the number of canceling number of progress notifications .

Sample 7524:
Reference: clears any user related cached data .
Candidate: clears any user related cached data .

Sample 7525:
Reference: savemap save the hashmap map to the file filename .
Candidate: saves map to load and update the file

Sample 7526:
Reference: return the kth smallest key in the symbol table .
Candidate: return the kth smallest key in the symbol table .

Sample 7527:
Reference: logs out of the session underlying this ssotoken .
Candidate: logs out a session .

Sample 7528:
Reference: returns true if this grant token is currently granted .
Candidate: return true if the lock transaction holds the lock .

Sample 7529:
Reference: determines whether the page should be skipped shouldn t be shown by wizard .
Candidate: determines whether the page should be skipped shouldn t be shown by wizard .

Sample 7530:
Reference: configures a servicebuilder for a specified service class and a service instance supplier
Candidate: configures a servicebuilder for a specified service class

Sample 7531:
Reference: returns true if the new version code is greater than the current database version .
Candidate: returns true if the new version code is greater than the current database version .

Sample 7532:
Reference: fired as soon as a new bitmap has been set
Candidate: fired as soon as a new bitmap has been set

Sample 7533:
Reference: encode a string using url encoding
Candidate: encode a string using url encoding

Sample 7534:
Reference: removes a child node .
Candidate: removes a child element from the requested .

Sample 7535:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: gets the bytes interpreted as a positive integer .

Sample 7536:
Reference: unbind and stop the downloader service .
Candidate: unbind stop operation embedded by do not need will unbind stop if more

Sample 7537:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 7538:
Reference: adds the rdns of a name in order to the end of this name .
Candidate: adds the rdns of a name in order to the end of this name .

Sample 7539:
Reference: scaling bitmap to fill dest bitmap without keeping aspect ratio .
Candidate: scales a image in the imageview

Sample 7540:
Reference: increments the mod counts so that an concurrentmodificationexception can be thrown if calling code tries to modify the builder while its iterating the list .
Candidate: increments the mod counts so that an concurrentmodificationexception can be thrown if calling code tries to modify the builder while its iterating the list .

Sample 7541:
Reference: puts key value pair into cache .
Candidate: return the value cache for the key key .

Sample 7542:
Reference: encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output .
Candidate: encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output .

Sample 7543:
Reference: check if reporting box should be displayed reporting must be available and user must be logged in and have the administrator role .
Candidate: determines if the reporting should be displayed reporting reporting is available reporting is available and must be displayed in

Sample 7544:
Reference: perform any required finalization tasks for all authentication policies currently defined .
Candidate: clean the authentication policies using the datastore for getting the password .

Sample 7545:
Reference: notification method fired when the user clicks the minimize button .
Candidate: notification when the scroll button is clicked .

Sample 7546:
Reference: instantiate the layout class with default properties
Candidate: instantiate an existing structure .

Sample 7547:
Reference: replaces method javax . swing . joptionpane . showmessagedialog component parentcomponent object message string title int messagetype icon icon
Candidate: brings method javax . swing . joptionpane . showmessagedialog component parentcomponent object message

Sample 7548:
Reference: checks the node type
Candidate: gets whether the node is <UNK> against a <UNK> node .

Sample 7549:
Reference: wraps a possible log message to be overridden for testability purposes .
Candidate: wrapper for the log to avoid direct references to android log objects that will crash unit tests .

Sample 7550:
Reference: indicates whether the shape is highlighted .
Candidate: indicates whether to highlight the shape shape .

Sample 7551:
Reference: gets but does not remove the head of the queue .
Candidate: gets but does not remove the head of the queue .

Sample 7552:
Reference: if the pod is for the local server return true .
Candidate: can carrier perform local city delivery .

Sample 7553:
Reference: returns operational status of the firewall
Candidate: checks if this object is enabled .

Sample 7554:
Reference: called when request fails
Candidate: called when request fails

Sample 7555:
Reference: executes batch of statements
Candidate: executes the query batch and returns all data shards in the statement .

Sample 7556:
Reference: encodes the outgoing application data buffers into the network data buffer .
Candidate: encodes the outgoing application data buffers into the network data buffer .

Sample 7557:
Reference: cancels the current running interaction
Candidate: cancel the last called when the user presses the last visible state .

Sample 7558:
Reference: changes item place in a collection
Candidate: reorders a item from an item to make a items

Sample 7559:
Reference: saves the text in this editor to the specified location .
Candidate: saves the text in this editor to the specified location .

Sample 7560:
Reference: executes the startuproutines for testing .
Candidate: called for the test of a single test method .

Sample 7561:
Reference: registers a dimension that is set to expire at a given an expiration time
Candidate: registers a space that is a free space and updates clients

Sample 7562:
Reference: finds the segment group for a given size .
Candidate: gets an estimate of the segment model that is not altering it .

Sample 7563:
Reference: whether the argument is spread
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7564:
Reference: create a fitness function for branch coverage aimed at covering the root branch of the given method in the given class .
Candidate: creates a fitness function for a new line number of the given arguments in the given method in the given class .

Sample 7565:
Reference: performs any processing that may be required after a subentry modify operation .
Candidate: invoked any actions that may be called whenever a new modify dn operation .

Sample 7566:
Reference: add a new range to this aggregation .
Candidate: add a new range to this aggregation .

Sample 7567:
Reference: checks if the provider is capable of asking the user to configure external documentation for an element .
Candidate: indicates whether this <UNK> can be called by the <UNK> of the element .

Sample 7568:
Reference: directly call the comment method on the passed lexicalhandler for the string value .
Candidate: directly call the comment method on the passed lexicalhandler for the string value .

Sample 7569:
Reference: returns whether inventory usage is enabled for this session .
Candidate: returns whether the inventory is <UNK> to use .

Sample 7570:
Reference: puts a boolean into this sink .
Candidate: puts a boolean into this sink .

Sample 7571:
Reference: the number of dimensions of an array type .
Candidate: the number of dimensions of an array type .

Sample 7572:
Reference: convience method return a wildcard for an ofmatch that amtch on an arbitrary number of set flags
Candidate: convience method return a wildcard for for an ofmatch that match flags match

Sample 7573:
Reference: returns a string describing this classifier
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 7574:
Reference: number of friend requests to return default maximum .
Candidate: number of friend requests to return return .

Sample 7575:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a tag .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a tag .

Sample 7576:
Reference: this is the normal way to start the masterclock asynchronously .
Candidate: start the progress timer .

Sample 7577:
Reference: sets a watch for a source timestamp to be extracted .
Candidate: sets a watch for a particular timestamp timestamp to be extracted .

Sample 7578:
Reference: unbinds the given viewholder .
Candidate: called when the row row is changed to the the .

Sample 7579:
Reference: switches the auto commit coordinator if currently in a different auto commit mode .
Candidate: retrieves transaction startup for the server to commit the <UNK> .

Sample 7580:
Reference: convenience method returning true if this class is an application class .
Candidate: return whether the not the class is an application class .

Sample 7581:
Reference: add a new column to the data view .
Candidate: add a new column data to the table .

Sample 7582:
Reference: update static data from xml file
Candidate: update static data from xml file

Sample 7583:
Reference: apply validation logic to a privilege .
Candidate: indicates whether this policy is granted to the specified privilege .

Sample 7584:
Reference: checks if an oma download is currently pending .
Candidate: checks if an oma download is currently pending .

Sample 7585:
Reference: get the compilestates instance for this context .
Candidate: get the <UNK> instance for this context .

Sample 7586:
Reference: paints the background of a color chooser .
Candidate: paints the background of a color chooser .

Sample 7587:
Reference: increases the buffer s pin count .
Candidate: pin the pin s pin count .

Sample 7588:
Reference: returns true if the object is mutable
Candidate: returns true if the object is mutable false otherwise

Sample 7589:
Reference: add an oov rule for the requested word for the grammar .
Candidate: add an <UNK> to the provided word type .

Sample 7590:
Reference: gets the value of the virtualich mpresent property .
Candidate: gets the value of the virtual sdk property .

Sample 7591:
Reference: generate the random byte to be sent
Candidate: generate the random byte to be sent

Sample 7592:
Reference: visits an annotation of a parameter this method .
Candidate: visits an annotation of a parameter this method .

Sample 7593:
Reference: returns an iterator of matching privilege objects .
Candidate: returns an iterator of matching privilege objects .

Sample 7594:
Reference: check if the entity is defending against an attack right now .
Candidate: returns true if this is is <UNK> enough to the <UNK> .

Sample 7595:
Reference: tell the user of an assertion error and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of an assertion error and probably throw an exception .

Sample 7596:
Reference: format and print a simple string .
Candidate: fetch a print by the new line .

Sample 7597:
Reference: sends given messages on given position if supported if output don t support given position message will be displayed in other position .
Candidate: sends given message on given position if don t support given in this message if possible .

Sample 7598:
Reference: find the set of annotations present in the set of top level classes and package info files to be processed this round .
Candidate: find the set of annotations present in the set of top level classes and package info files to be processed this round .

Sample 7599:
Reference: clear the reference to the objects to help the garbage collection
Candidate: we the the non null item and no objects are done .

Sample 7600:
Reference: will before sending remove all headers currently present in asynchttpclient instance which applies on all requests this client makes
Candidate: will before sending remove all headers currently present in asynchttpclient instance which applies on all requests this client makes

Sample 7601:
Reference: type of the column int int string etc .
Candidate: returns the empty class id this this this file as text to it be recorded as string content .

Sample 7602:
Reference: get the next log file to rotate to .
Candidate: called on each file that is found during the directory traversal .

Sample 7603:
Reference: compares two byte s for equality .
Candidate: verifies that expected values are equal .

Sample 7604:
Reference: indicates whether the gpu resource cache is reinitialized when this window is reinitialized .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> should be <UNK> in a <UNK> cache .

Sample 7605:
Reference: indicates if the index applies to edges .
Candidate: returns whether the edge is pointing to the edge .

Sample 7606:
Reference: is std costing method
Candidate: is std costing method

Sample 7607:
Reference: the version of execute add before overriding
Candidate: the version of execute add before overriding

Sample 7608:
Reference: exports to the target pool .
Candidate: exports a target pool .

Sample 7609:
Reference: return whether the menu currently has item items that are visible .
Candidate: return whether the menu currently has item items that are visible .

Sample 7610:
Reference: returns a funnel for longs .
Candidate: returns a funnel for longs .

Sample 7611:
Reference: making web service call
Candidate: creates a url string with the specified url and <UNK> id .

Sample 7612:
Reference: call this if the current task changed .
Candidate: called when the daq mode has been changed .

Sample 7613:
Reference: find n from start position if not find return s . length
Candidate: find the next character in an array character if not found .

Sample 7614:
Reference: does the change need saving ?
Candidate: check if any modifications in this file holder needs to be changed .

Sample 7615:
Reference: called at the end of each heap modification .
Candidate: notify the size of the counter .

Sample 7616:
Reference: the doget method of the servlet .
Candidate: the doget method of the servlet .

Sample 7617:
Reference: execute a sql statement usually for query only
Candidate: performs a cursor query on a field and insert any update .

Sample 7618:
Reference: request that the object should be redrawn whenever it gets the chance .
Candidate: invalidates the whole root object and restores all components of all components and redrawn .

Sample 7619:
Reference: opens the single origin settings page for the given url .
Candidate: opens the single origin settings page for the given url .

Sample 7620:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7621:
Reference: get uses news .
Candidate: returns if the filter is due to the server or not .

Sample 7622:
Reference: visits the given type specific ast node .
Candidate: visits the given type specific ast node .

Sample 7623:
Reference: validates that the key portion of the given coder is deterministic .
Candidate: validates the given threshold and returns the <UNK> of this file .

Sample 7624:
Reference: emits the start of an object with a key .
Candidate: emits the object of an object with a key .

Sample 7625:
Reference: defined in rfc as h data md data
Candidate: defined in rfc as h data md data

Sample 7626:
Reference: creates a new decoder by its name .
Candidate: create static method to create all of the resources .

Sample 7627:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 7628:
Reference: checks whether a tag has a defined number of elements .
Candidate: checks whether a tag has a defined number of elements .

Sample 7629:
Reference: return an iterator over the filter s data scheme specific parts .
Candidate: return an iterator over the bookmarks that match the request using the requested filter .

Sample 7630:
Reference: parse an hive ql into an abstract syntax tree ast .
Candidate: parse an hive ql into an abstract syntax tree ast .

Sample 7631:
Reference: updates the preferred language of a existing user
Candidate: updates the language field name for the usertimeline .

Sample 7632:
Reference: reads a byte bit from the source stream .
Candidate: reads a byte bit from the source stream .

Sample 7633:
Reference: add a switch listener
Candidate: add a switch listener

Sample 7634:
Reference: indents out writes string ends current line .
Candidate: indent out write string end current line .

Sample 7635:
Reference: add links into a textview .
Candidate: add links into a textview .

Sample 7636:
Reference: convert a geotimeserie into gtswrapper
Candidate: converts a <UNK> object to a <UNK> object using gprefix <UNK> .

Sample 7637:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7638:
Reference: creates a plain composite as a part of the form .
Candidate: creates a composite delegate to the <UNK> container and binds it to the new composite style .

Sample 7639:
Reference: updates the ui when a friend is added and notifies the user handler .
Candidate: call the ui when a user clicks on the user handler .

Sample 7640:
Reference: converts the given management request to a response adding the specified request id .
Candidate: converts a response to soap response to the response body using the response locale .

Sample 7641:
Reference: checks all given permissions have been granted .
Candidate: checks all given permissions have been granted .

Sample 7642:
Reference: verifies the results for migrating volumes
Candidate: verifies the results for migrating volumes

Sample 7643:
Reference: reads a signed bit big endian number .
Candidate: reads a big endian bit long .

Sample 7644:
Reference: returns the width of a cell in this column in bytes
Candidate: gets the size in bytes of this lob .

Sample 7645:
Reference: pops up an open file file chooser dialog .
Candidate: pops up an open file file chooser dialog .

Sample 7646:
Reference: indicate that the expression return type is a collection of a given component type .
Candidate: return the expression that will be used to parameterized types of type expressions .

Sample 7647:
Reference: url encodes the given string .
Candidate: if request has same as it .

Sample 7648:
Reference: get next page size .
Candidate: retrieves the next page of the last page size

Sample 7649:
Reference: remove a previously installed global layout callback
Candidate: remove a previously installed layout listener for the global list of views within the

Sample 7650:
Reference: use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
Candidate: use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview

Sample 7651:
Reference: closes streams interrupts the download may delete the output file .
Candidate: closes all the process streams

Sample 7652:
Reference: returns statistics over a dataset containing the given values .
Candidate: returns statistics over a dataset containing the given values .

Sample 7653:
Reference: mark edge that was part of a solution .
Candidate: mark the edge <UNK> as a new node .

Sample 7654:
Reference: return the quadrant of a block of equal size that is adjacent to the given side of this quadrant .
Candidate: return the quadrant of a block of equal size that is adjacent to the given side of this quadrant .

Sample 7655:
Reference: defines additional implementation specific actions to take when a notification is cleared .
Candidate: clear additional notification for the given context to to perform additional functionality .

Sample 7656:
Reference: creates a segmented stored list used for highly concurrent lists .
Candidate: creates a segmented stored list used for highly concurrent lists .

Sample 7657:
Reference: convert date and time to string like yyyy mm dd hh mm .
Candidate: convert date time time and string like yyyy mm dd hh mm .

Sample 7658:
Reference: decode and sample down a bitmap from a file input stream to the requested width and height .
Candidate: decode a <UNK> bitmap from a network .

Sample 7659:
Reference: the table is rehashed when its size exceeds this threshold .
Candidate: returns the expected size expected value of the font value .

Sample 7660:
Reference: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 7661:
Reference: replaces this unmodifiablerandomaccesslist with an unmodifiablelist so that jres before . can deserialize this object without any problems .
Candidate: replaces this unmodifiablerandomaccesslist with an unmodifiablelist so that jres before . can deserialize this object without any problems .

Sample 7662:
Reference: succeeded in conquering .
Candidate: you have not good worldname to the alliance .

Sample 7663:
Reference: interpret an object as a long returning null if it cannot do it .
Candidate: interpret an object as a long returning null if it cannot do it .

Sample 7664:
Reference: calculates the normal approximation of the confidence intervall .
Candidate: computes the name of the confidence intervall for a label .

Sample 7665:
Reference: change the selected state of the resource changes button .
Candidate: change the selected state of the resource changes button .

Sample 7666:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7667:
Reference: create a binary frame .
Candidate: creates a new frame to be parsed with the default payload .

Sample 7668:
Reference: stops following process events of instance with provided id
Candidate: replay the <UNK> of the <UNK> to the replay list

Sample 7669:
Reference: returns ascending iterator from the perspective of this submap
Candidate: returns ascending iterator from the perspective of this submap

Sample 7670:
Reference: read properties from the specified inputstream .
Candidate: skip properties of block properties .

Sample 7671:
Reference: write a single byte of data to output stream .
Candidate: writes a data to to the output stream .

Sample 7672:
Reference: indicates whether the uibuilder should try storing states for forms on its own by seeking lists tabs and other statefull elements and keeping their selection
Candidate: override to determine if we need to automatically store the state of

Sample 7673:
Reference: simulates configuration error if needed .
Candidate: simulates the error if needed .

Sample 7674:
Reference: peek into the jar data and make sure that it is valid jar content .
Candidate: checks if the jar file is valid jar file and returns a jar file .

Sample 7675:
Reference: show the image as jframe on desktop
Candidate: show the image as jframe on desktop

Sample 7676:
Reference: invoked if a comment was deleted from the list of group node comments .
Candidate: invoked after a comment node has been deleted from the group node comments .

Sample 7677:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 7678:
Reference: convenience method returning true if this class is an application class .
Candidate: return whether the not the class is an application class .

Sample 7679:
Reference: returns true if sensor fixtures should be ignored .
Candidate: returns true if sensor fixtures should be ignored .

Sample 7680:
Reference: display merged system member logs
Candidate: merges and returns all system logs as a single formatted log .

Sample 7681:
Reference: emit code to implement the lshr bytecode
Candidate: <UNK> code to implement the <UNK> to

Sample 7682:
Reference: returns true if this volume can be shared via usb mass storage .
Candidate: indicates whether the policy is currently available to use .

Sample 7683:
Reference: computes the result for a double and a string value
Candidate: computes the result for two double values .

Sample 7684:
Reference: handle a predicate hop dag with exactly one root .
Candidate: handle a method to prepare hop dag for the <UNK> .

Sample 7685:
Reference: gets the value of the enter guild property .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is not to a not .

Sample 7686:
Reference: is this logger instance enabled for the warn level ?
Candidate: is this logger instance enabled for the warn level .

Sample 7687:
Reference: normal date comparison will sort these oldest first so invert the order by multiplying by .
Candidate: <UNK> b for converting two <UNK> .

Sample 7688:
Reference: performs check that this context is really connected to remote database
Candidate: indicates whether this client is included in the system . .

Sample 7689:
Reference: are there any characters left to parse ?
Candidate: are there any characters left to parse ?

Sample 7690:
Reference: deallocate all resources of a vm .
Candidate: clean up a vm .

Sample 7691:
Reference: visits the return type of the method .
Candidate: visits the return type of the method .

Sample 7692:
Reference: loads the plugin in the specified file p file must be valid according to the current enabled plugin interfaces
Candidate: loads the plugin in the specified file p must must be enabled according to the current plugin

Sample 7693:
Reference: scroll out contentview and finish the activity
Candidate: scroll out contentview and finish the activity

Sample 7694:
Reference: helper method that simply checks the matrix and then displays the result
Candidate: helper method that simply checks the matrix and then displays the result

Sample 7695:
Reference: unsubscribes from all topics .
Candidate: unsubscribes from all topics .

Sample 7696:
Reference: reset ai speed once .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> attribute to the initial <UNK> and therefore the instance is about to be .

Sample 7697:
Reference: add extended data to the intent .
Candidate: add extended data to the intent .

Sample 7698:
Reference: read bool value from given db config
Candidate: check if the attribute is configured to be created

Sample 7699:
Reference: returns the class of the dao .
Candidate: find a new field for the given class name .

Sample 7700:
Reference: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .
Candidate: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .

Sample 7701:
Reference: only return jobs that are not locked .
Candidate: only select jobs that are unique .

Sample 7702:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7703:
Reference: queries whether two switches are in the same cluster .
Candidate: determines if two switches are in the same domain island cluster .

Sample 7704:
Reference: update visible state of nodes corresponding to specified neurons .
Candidate: update the neuron nodes for group neuron rules .

Sample 7705:
Reference: reports if the current service is being forcibly revoked in which case the references are now invalidated and unusable .
Candidate: reports if the current service is being forcibly revoked in which case the references are now invalidated and unusable .

Sample 7706:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7707:
Reference: determine if the jsonobject contains a specific key .
Candidate: determine if the jsonobject contains a specific key .

Sample 7708:
Reference: destroy the rule gracefully .
Candidate: destroys the smtp chain for each of .

Sample 7709:
Reference: return false if socket writes to be done async nonblocking return true if socket writes to be done sync blocking
Candidate: determines if we have the transient mapping for the <UNK> and not shutting down .

Sample 7710:
Reference: applies the changes made to this config back to the health monitor .
Candidate: update the changes made in the config store .

Sample 7711:
Reference: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .
Candidate: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .

Sample 7712:
Reference: pretends to send the text to the contact .
Candidate: send a message to the clients

Sample 7713:
Reference: this function is called to recompose all of the decimal format properties elements .
Candidate: this function is called to recompose all of the decimal format properties elements .

Sample 7714:
Reference: process the incoming data tuple
Candidate: <UNK> the the method should be sent into the list of input files and then be the last item .

Sample 7715:
Reference: calculates the total degrees between mstartangle and mendangle and sets mtotalcircledegrees to this value .
Candidate: calculates the total degrees between mstartangle and mendangle and sets mtotalcircledegrees to this value .

Sample 7716:
Reference: produces a generator that will suspend its computation returning a yielded value plus the rest of the computation to be completed later .
Candidate: transform a step that it has been caught .

Sample 7717:
Reference: blacklist a set of keys these keys will be explicitly hidden from view .
Candidate: places all keys keys for the given key these will also be them .

Sample 7718:
Reference: try to preserve the previous selection after a command is executed .
Candidate: performs any cleanup post steps and start the command line was executed .

Sample 7719:
Reference: wrap a previously initialised repository in an objectrepository .
Candidate: wrap a previously uninitialized configuration in an objectrepository .

Sample 7720:
Reference: checks for compliance related attributes if applicable .
Candidate: check if the user has any <UNK> attributes for this view .

Sample 7721:
Reference: uncompress data value maxvalue subvalue math . pow decimal
Candidate: uncompress data value maxvalue subvalue math . pow decimal

Sample 7722:
Reference: disable shadow of bottomnavigationview
Candidate: disables the shadow view when needing to be hidden .

Sample 7723:
Reference: returns an array of children of this context .
Candidate: returns a copy of this this node s children .

Sample 7724:
Reference: import the geospatial data from a gml document .
Candidate: imports the <UNK> object to the <UNK> repository .

Sample 7725:
Reference: fills the menu of the dialog .
Candidate: fills the internal menu item to make it to make the new one .

Sample 7726:
Reference: get whether the request is valid
Candidate: indicates if the request is valid to be valid for the <UNK> .

Sample 7727:
Reference: this means that server specific basefiles are definitely existing !
Candidate: returns whether if this side is a side effect for the vm .

Sample 7728:
Reference: returns int from given array of bytes .
Candidate: returns int from given array of bytes .

Sample 7729:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 7730:
Reference: this method is called for each root referenced object at every merlin root enumeration .
Candidate: increases the total data object whose object is definitely not .

Sample 7731:
Reference: callback called when an is composing event has been received .
Candidate: callback called when a ble engine is supported for the chat group

Sample 7732:
Reference: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience
Candidate: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience

Sample 7733:
Reference: returns true if the table is empty or contains only a default assignment false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the given table is no longer assignment for a scalar assignment

Sample 7734:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7735:
Reference: returns the number of cqs active suspended on the given region .
Candidate: get the number of cqs on the given region .

Sample 7736:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7737:
Reference: returns empty string if current device does not have default setting .
Candidate: gets the name of the online pages that cannot be deleted .

Sample 7738:
Reference: replaces the specified subsequence in this builder with the specified string .
Candidate: replaces the characters in the builder with the specified string .

Sample 7739:
Reference: test whether if the left side is bluedetector
Candidate: test whether the left color is left to p

Sample 7740:
Reference: return true if the isdn subaddress exists .
Candidate: return true if the isdn subaddress exists .

Sample 7741:
Reference: invoked when translate tx has been parsed .
Candidate: translates this current position into the parsed array .

Sample 7742:
Reference: whether we use periodic boundary conditions when considering spatiotemporal data for homogeneous variables
Candidate: whether we assume periodic boundary conditions in the calls for homogeneous variables .

Sample 7743:
Reference: this method is called after data has been exported .
Candidate: this method is called after data has been exported .

Sample 7744:
Reference: the doget method of the servlet .
Candidate: process the http get request

Sample 7745:
Reference: create an instance of embeddedtype
Candidate: create an instance of embeddedtype

Sample 7746:
Reference: writes an end tag to the output relying on the internal state of the writer to determine the prefix and local name of the event .
Candidate: writes an end tag to the output relying on the internal state of the writer to determine the prefix and local name of the event .

Sample 7747:
Reference: returns true if field newset is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is set to a <UNK> .

Sample 7748:
Reference: this method exposes the internal array of coordinate objects
Candidate: this method exposes the internal array of coordinate objects

Sample 7749:
Reference: returns the compositedescriptor of the composite .
Candidate: specify the given <UNK> to use for the <UNK> or not .

Sample 7750:
Reference: suspends encoding of the stream .
Candidate: suspends encoding of the stream .

Sample 7751:
Reference: of obtained the artifact .
Candidate: you have the legion to has the legion .

Sample 7752:
Reference: returns system . nanotime unless the timeout has already elapsed .
Candidate: returns system . nanotime unless the timeout has already elapsed .

Sample 7753:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 7754:
Reference: generic init call invoked by the event handler to reset the criteria panel .
Candidate: reset the criteria with current data set to reset the criteria panel .

Sample 7755:
Reference: updates a collection with a file
Candidate: called up index with a index .

Sample 7756:
Reference: convenience method to check if the major . minor of this version is equal to or larger than the specified required version .
Candidate: check if the major is is equal to a power of the specified version .

Sample 7757:
Reference: disables the vertex attribute with the given name
Candidate: disables the vertex attribute with the given name

Sample 7758:
Reference: decodes a base string into octets
Candidate: decodes for binary data into octets

Sample 7759:
Reference: when lyric line was seeked by user
Candidate: when lyric line was seeked by user

Sample 7760:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 7761:
Reference: is last gpx layer update to old ?
Candidate: determines if the tessellator is <UNK> to be monotonically increasing of the <UNK> .

Sample 7762:
Reference: create a mixed type example set from the given data matrix .
Candidate: create a connection set from the given data switched on .

Sample 7763:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: set the value of the matrix element at column and row

Sample 7764:
Reference: sets the value at the given index and makes sure that the values list is large enough .
Candidate: initializes the default value at the given index .

Sample 7765:
Reference: called when an aggregated record is full and ready to be transmitted to kinesis .
Candidate: record the pending hook to be called if the <UNK> is changed in a new one .

Sample 7766:
Reference: cast a throwable object to a pageexception object
Candidate: returns error thrown by whatever id and return a exception thrown by this task .

Sample 7767:
Reference: specifies the expected number of edges in the graph .
Candidate: specifies the expected number of edges in the graph .

Sample 7768:
Reference: important this method is not thread safe .
Candidate: logs this method to write the diff when the log has been written .

Sample 7769:
Reference: open a single point channel to the broker to receive high priority requests immediately
Candidate: opens a new channel to the unused <UNK> channel .

Sample 7770:
Reference: called when the configuration is disabled .
Candidate: called when the user configuration to be propagated on the configuration .

Sample 7771:
Reference: create router by url
Candidate: create router by uri

Sample 7772:
Reference: key has been revoked
Candidate: key has been revoked

Sample 7773:
Reference: generate token ro for current state of the cart .
Candidate: saves login to to cookie to this cookie .

Sample 7774:
Reference: tes payment gateway specific setup .
Candidate: tes payment gateway specific setup .

Sample 7775:
Reference: returns true if x is less than x when both values are treated as unsigned long .
Candidate: returns true if x is unsigned less than the specified long .

Sample 7776:
Reference: return if str is empty
Candidate: return if str is empty

Sample 7777:
Reference: wait session invitation answer
Candidate: wait if the session is already sent to the server .

Sample 7778:
Reference: calculate the time value from a given time in milliseconds in utc .
Candidate: calculate the time value from a given time in milliseconds in utc .

Sample 7779:
Reference: calls hg add .
Candidate: add the hg block to execute the call this commit .

Sample 7780:
Reference: creates a entity in the form of a genericvalue and write it to the datasource
Candidate: creates a entity in the form of a genericvalue and write it to the database

Sample 7781:
Reference: this method runs in the ui thread .
Candidate: this method runs in the ui thread .

Sample 7782:
Reference: apply library prefixes and suffixes as necessary to libname to produce a full file name .
Candidate: mangle a platform name name not in the to the the pre build .

Sample 7783:
Reference: take a single keyword of an expected type .
Candidate: return an expected value from a file with no key expressions of a parameter .

Sample 7784:
Reference: obtain the catalog class name setting from the properties .
Candidate: query class name for the <UNK> class .

Sample 7785:
Reference: sorgt fuer die einrueckung der ordner .
Candidate: <UNK> to translate the graphics such that the last visible row will be drawn at .

Sample 7786:
Reference: adds a server with a unique certificate
Candidate: add a new server to the list of server

Sample 7787:
Reference: invoked when a component gains the keyboard focus .
Candidate: focus gained save for escape

Sample 7788:
Reference: returns true if mutable false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the object is mutable

Sample 7789:
Reference: returns the number of values recorded .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this queue .

Sample 7790:
Reference: init metrics used to get string graphic length .
Candidate: initialize the fonts to the screen if the font is lost .

Sample 7791:
Reference: update user account info .
Candidate: add account to account with the default account .

Sample 7792:
Reference: removes ssh pair by owner service and name .
Candidate: removes content of users from given owner .

Sample 7793:
Reference: checks the validity of the given value k
Candidate: checks if the given key is a valid integer .

Sample 7794:
Reference: scrolls vertically to the absolute y .
Candidate: scrolls vertically to the absolute y .

Sample 7795:
Reference: get the top left point of the object
Candidate: get the top of left

Sample 7796:
Reference: validate a value against the set of regular expressions .
Candidate: validate a value against the set of regular expressions .

Sample 7797:
Reference: returns true if service type does not require resource name .
Candidate: returns true if the policy is is created to a cache .

Sample 7798:
Reference: converts an label from a test to an label accepted by the graph instance .
Candidate: convert a label to string for the label .

Sample 7799:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 7800:
Reference: clears all payment method payment method types
Candidate: clears all payment method payment method types

Sample 7801:
Reference: save the currently focused node so that focus can be returned to it later .
Candidate: save the last save in the <UNK> node .

Sample 7802:
Reference: solve the non linear least squares problem .
Candidate: optimize the <UNK> to use the given template .

Sample 7803:
Reference: converts part or all of the input graphiccontext into a set of attribute value pairs and related definitions
Candidate: converts part or all of the input graphiccontext into a set of attribute value pairs and related definitions

Sample 7804:
Reference: converts decoded asn . integer to int value .
Candidate: converts decoded asn . integer to int value .

Sample 7805:
Reference: removes a tag from the node .
Candidate: removes a tag with the given tag .

Sample 7806:
Reference: same as openfilewithdefault but user cannot save default app .
Candidate: opens the to to file with the default file .

Sample 7807:
Reference: permits to define a destination factory this is usefull in case of immutable objects .
Candidate: specifies the <UNK> to be used for the <UNK> map .

Sample 7808:
Reference: invoked when the gui subsystem is initialized and it s ok for the assisitive technology to create instances of gui objects .
Candidate: called when the user has to a the oad process .

Sample 7809:
Reference: returns whether the debug client can set software breakpoints .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is is suspended to the ground .

Sample 7810:
Reference: appends all elements of the supplied vector to this vector .
Candidate: append all elements to the given list to the buffer .

Sample 7811:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the from channels feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the from channels feature .

Sample 7812:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports named parameters to callable statements .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports named parameters to callable statements .

Sample 7813:
Reference: displays current legion announcement
Candidate: displays a cluster message to be sent by the channel player .

Sample 7814:
Reference: draw the current pages
Candidate: passes on the <UNK> mouse

Sample 7815:
Reference: returns true if this entry does not exist .
Candidate: indicates whether this object has been removed from its containing graph

Sample 7816:
Reference: updates the classifier by giving it a new data point to learn from .
Candidate: updates the classifier giving an already existing classifier point to learn new data point .

Sample 7817:
Reference: iterate on the vertex and return true if children should be traversed .
Candidate: iterate if the vertex is the relationship of the vertex .

Sample 7818:
Reference: convert container handle to uri
Candidate: convert the uri mapping to handle the given country .

Sample 7819:
Reference: filter for hidden files
Candidate: return a select file with all the files and directories .

Sample 7820:
Reference: helper return substring for start end .
Candidate: return the substring of the cursor for the end timestamp .

Sample 7821:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids for fields that may be called from c .
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 7822:
Reference: compute the erasure of a type t
Candidate: returns the erasure of a type .

Sample 7823:
Reference: returns a boolean telling if this namevaluelist has a record with this name
Candidate: returns a boolean telling if this namevaluelist has a record with this name

Sample 7824:
Reference: converts the object into solr document format
Candidate: creates a new tuple to be implemented in the

Sample 7825:
Reference: clear the internal state without firing a notification .
Candidate: clear the internal state without firing a notification .

Sample 7826:
Reference: id of community on whose wall the photo will be saved .
Candidate: id of the community that owns the wall .

Sample 7827:
Reference: used to wakeup someone in elderchangewait even though the elder has not changed
Candidate: notify when the google change state to idle state .

Sample 7828:
Reference: check if a row index is valid .
Candidate: check if the row is a row is at this row .

Sample 7829:
Reference: sign part of the xml document wth binary security token using referred by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes .
Candidate: sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes

Sample 7830:
Reference: subtracts a value from the value of this instance .
Candidate: subtracts a value from the value of this instance .

Sample 7831:
Reference: returns from reader until end of stream and returns its complete contents .
Candidate: read all of the supplied input stream into a string .

Sample 7832:
Reference: determine the content generator i . e .
Candidate: determine the content generator i . e .

Sample 7833:
Reference: list the contents of a directory .
Candidate: lists the directory directory in the given directory directory .

Sample 7834:
Reference: compiles all classes whose name matches the specified name using the jit compiler and indicates if compilation has been successful .
Candidate: compiles all classes whose name matches the specified name using the jit compiler and indicates if compilation has been successful .

Sample 7835:
Reference: returns a string representation of this image .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this image .

Sample 7836:
Reference: moves this file to the new parent .
Candidate: moves to new file in parent directory .

Sample 7837:
Reference: returns the associated key type .
Candidate: returns the associated key type .

Sample 7838:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having changed the project s name .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having changed the project name name .

Sample 7839:
Reference: delete a device object from the db .
Candidate: deletes a previously added by including all of the entities from the database .

Sample 7840:
Reference: does the parameter panel have outstanding changes that have not been used in a query ?
Candidate: does the parameter panel have outstanding changes that have not been used in a query ?

Sample 7841:
Reference: create an instance of federationmetadatahandlertype
Candidate: create an instance of submit an instance of type

Sample 7842:
Reference: public factory method to create new sharefilefragment instances .
Candidate: public factory method to create new sharefilefragment instances .

Sample 7843:
Reference: add effects to this firework .
Candidate: add effects to this firework .

Sample 7844:
Reference: borrow an existing idle connection or create a new one to a specific server .
Candidate: borrow an existing connection from the given server .

Sample 7845:
Reference: create a new membershipmanager
Candidate: create a new membershipmanager .

Sample 7846:
Reference: remove an info provider of a particular type
Candidate: remove an info provider of a particular type

Sample 7847:
Reference: is the warn log level enabled ?
Candidate: is the logger instance enabled for the warn level ?

Sample 7848:
Reference: is this speed control selection method possible ?
Candidate: determines if the given is is available for the <UNK> process .

Sample 7849:
Reference: create a uri instance for the given location string replacing spaces with uri encoding first .
Candidate: create a uri instance for the given location string replacing spaces with uri encoding first .

Sample 7850:
Reference: removes a node from the graph .
Candidate: removes a graph node from the graph .

Sample 7851:
Reference: deregisters the provided log retention policy with the directory server .
Candidate: deregisters the provided retention policy for the directory server .

Sample 7852:
Reference: check if instance is strictly less than .
Candidate: check if instance is greater than min to .

Sample 7853:
Reference: compute and return a new commitlogcheckpoint for the current point in time .
Candidate: reset a <UNK> for the last track time .

Sample 7854:
Reference: checks if the session handle state is terminated i . e . if the session handle can be discarded and the underlying connection can be closed .
Candidate: indicates whether this transaction is terminated .

Sample 7855:
Reference: adds the given filters to the filters of this query .
Candidate: add all outputs filters for the given matrix outputs to the new query .

Sample 7856:
Reference: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
Candidate: detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .

Sample 7857:
Reference: initializes the live attribute values of this element .
Candidate: initializes the live attribute values of this element .

Sample 7858:
Reference: cancel all pending request
Candidate: cancel all pending request

Sample 7859:
Reference: this method forces us to over ride the method defined in java . io . writer
Candidate: this method forces us to over ride the method defined in java . io . writer

Sample 7860:
Reference: outputs the banner and exits .
Candidate: main method to facilitate generated within the line and

Sample 7861:
Reference: deserialize a request from an input stream
Candidate: read a request object from the proper input stream .

Sample 7862:
Reference: clears the specified state constant from the games state .
Candidate: removes a state from the execution state after a stack state goes completed state .

Sample 7863:
Reference: called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state .
Candidate: called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed .

Sample 7864:
Reference: readobject is called to restore the state of the serialref from a stream .
Candidate: readobject is called to restore the state of the serialref from a stream .

Sample 7865:
Reference: changes the current page s address .
Candidate: load the specified url in the main frame .

Sample 7866:
Reference: returns true if the current grantor needs to do lock recovery .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> has to be processed during the recovery process .

Sample 7867:
Reference: return true if this extendedkeyusage object contains the passed in keypurposeid .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is already included in the <UNK> key for

Sample 7868:
Reference: add a new transition with min max label .
Candidate: add a new transition with min max label .

Sample 7869:
Reference: checks if the given name is a valid java type name .
Candidate: check that a <UNK> for the type name elements have a valid qualified name .

Sample 7870:
Reference: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .
Candidate: mark this request as having a response delivered on it .

Sample 7871:
Reference: called when this entity attacks target .
Candidate: called when an entity zone was attacking .

Sample 7872:
Reference: create a cipherreference object
Candidate: creates a <UNK> instance for the <UNK> uri .

Sample 7873:
Reference: entity equivalent of registerwindmilltileentity
Candidate: registers a register of the <UNK> to make sure that this is about .

Sample 7874:
Reference: parse http response data to update class
Candidate: get an additional response query and the in the .

Sample 7875:
Reference: tests if this hashtable maps no keys to values .
Candidate: returns true if the length of this string contains no .

Sample 7876:
Reference: returns a boolean indicating whether the passed structured element represents a container element as opposed to a leaf element .
Candidate: tests whether this virtualfile is a folder element .

Sample 7877:
Reference: you must be at least level to perform extraction .
Candidate: you have not to catch the lower level .

Sample 7878:
Reference: forms the name of the flat file in which the contents of a db table will be stored .
Candidate: return the name where the provided name is included in this form .

Sample 7879:
Reference: determines if the specified character is a digit .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified character is a digit .

Sample 7880:
Reference: get cardinality of completed jobs
Candidate: get cardinality of of jobs jobs

Sample 7881:
Reference: method called when an update in the installation progress occurs .
Candidate: report an generated progress report method is generated . the progress method .

Sample 7882:
Reference: accepts the given visitor on a visit of the current edit .
Candidate: accepts the given visitor on a visit of the current edit .

Sample 7883:
Reference: method to handle cancel button
Candidate: method to handle cancel button

Sample 7884:
Reference: create storage volumes with a given set of capabilities .
Candidate: creates one or more volumes from a given group .

Sample 7885:
Reference: removes all references for the given type from the cache .
Candidate: will be redrawn whenever an instance of all components which will cause a chance to be redrawn .

Sample 7886:
Reference: is this an activa account
Candidate: is this an activa account

Sample 7887:
Reference: returns the current iconified state of the searchview .
Candidate: returns the current iconified state of the searchview .

Sample 7888:
Reference: returns true if the string is null or length .
Candidate: returns true if the string is null or length .

Sample 7889:
Reference: a correct argument list looks like ratingcolor d d d d numgames .
Candidate: replace a list of lines from the <UNK> list .

Sample 7890:
Reference: executes batch asynchronous operation against cassandra database .
Candidate: executes this batch operation and returns multiple records to the specified collection .

Sample 7891:
Reference: removes temporary authentication related data which may have been stored in the session during the authentication process . .
Candidate: removes temporary authentication related data which may have been stored in the session during the authentication process .

Sample 7892:
Reference: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .
Candidate: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .

Sample 7893:
Reference: writes an array of bytes to the buffer .
Candidate: write an array of bytes to to the buffer .

Sample 7894:
Reference: adds the listener that invokes the context menu for lines .
Candidate: adds a mouse listener to the old layer and replace all parameters .

Sample 7895:
Reference: indicates whether strict server side protocol checking is enabled .
Candidate: tests whether this cookie has been permanently inside the <UNK> .

Sample 7896:
Reference: check if the table has the expected modified time .
Candidate: check if the partition has the expected modified .

Sample 7897:
Reference: add an integer derived column for example the hour of day etc .
Candidate: add a integer field for the example type derived type

Sample 7898:
Reference: a check to see if the current mouse event concerns the same mouse button as the original .
Candidate: returns true if the button is moved and the button is applied .

Sample 7899:
Reference: generates a random password .
Candidate: generates a random password of a password .

Sample 7900:
Reference: returns the string representation of this instance .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this instance .

Sample 7901:
Reference: called when the item has been dismissed by swiping to the left .
Candidate: called when the item has been dismissed by swiping to the left .

Sample 7902:
Reference: create and return a new monitor .
Candidate: create and return a new monitor .

Sample 7903:
Reference: associates the specified value with the specified key in this map .
Candidate: associates the specified value with the specified key in this map .

Sample 7904:
Reference: returns the hashcode of this elliptic curve point .
Candidate: returns the hashcode of this elliptic curve point .

Sample 7905:
Reference: sorts the repositories by type and name
Candidate: sort the document s sort order to find the latest version .

Sample 7906:
Reference: remove listener from broadcast list
Candidate: remove the list to list

Sample 7907:
Reference: handles the inputmethodtextchanged event by invoking the inputmethodtextchanged methods on listener a and listener b .
Candidate: handles the inputmethodtextchanged event by invoking the inputmethodtextchanged methods on listener a and listener b .

Sample 7908:
Reference: removes an npc from the world and npc list
Candidate: removes an npc from the world and npc list

Sample 7909:
Reference: creates new virtualfile which denotes regular file and use this one as parent folder .
Candidate: creates new virtualfile which denotes regular file and use this one as parent folder .

Sample 7910:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 7911:
Reference: inserts the value into this builder .
Candidate: inserts the value into this builder .

Sample 7912:
Reference: determine whether the current thread owns the lock on the given object .
Candidate: check if the lock is held by the current thread .

Sample 7913:
Reference: insert some more bytes .
Candidate: insert some more bytes .

Sample 7914:
Reference: adds an action that can be quickly performed by just a single click for instance .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> component to the system interface

Sample 7915:
Reference: disables the swipe behavior .
Candidate: disables the swipe bar view .

Sample 7916:
Reference: determine if we ve iterated to the end of our dropship turn markers .
Candidate: determine if the <UNK> is more to of the <UNK> .

Sample 7917:
Reference: check if the panel is set as an overlay .
Candidate: check if the panel is set as an overlay .

Sample 7918:
Reference: check if uri represents local file
Candidate: check if uri represents local file

Sample 7919:
Reference: queries the store for a set of policies that match the given query .
Candidate: queries the given request query .

Sample 7920:
Reference: indicate ajax request to be memcached .
Candidate: set the current of the circular .

Sample 7921:
Reference: get a cloned iterator .
Candidate: get a cloned iterator .

Sample 7922:
Reference: wraps the specified byte array into mina heap buffer .
Candidate: wraps the specified byte array into mina heap buffer .

Sample 7923:
Reference: create export button wlth label text
Candidate: create export button wlth label text

Sample 7924:
Reference: verifies the passed resources against passed resource type .
Candidate: verifies that the resource already exists in a given <UNK> and .

Sample 7925:
Reference: calls v s visit method on all nodes in this set .
Candidate: calls v s visit method on all nodes in this set .

Sample 7926:
Reference: clear the beans that this beanmanager has discovered .
Candidate: clears the <UNK> so that it should be cleared by the <UNK> .

Sample 7927:
Reference: triggered when text width information is updated .
Candidate: triggered when text width information is updated .

Sample 7928:
Reference: is this value definitely null ?
Candidate: is null value null this is not null

Sample 7929:
Reference: remove viewmodel instance from memory and cleanup
Candidate: remove a view from the specified model

Sample 7930:
Reference: runs command and return output
Candidate: runs command as root if available and return output

Sample 7931:
Reference: truncate to the last valid logged txn .
Candidate: gets whether or not the <UNK> is to be <UNK> .

Sample 7932:
Reference: create an instance of activationpinelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 7933:
Reference: method verifies if the component is displayed clicks on it and verifies if component toolbar is now displayed .
Candidate: set this parameter menu to show the focused item .

Sample 7934:
Reference: handler for when an image failed to load .
Candidate: handler for when an image failed to load .

Sample 7935:
Reference: indicates whether the specified code point is an iso control character .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified code point is an iso control character .

Sample 7936:
Reference: given a key retrieves the entity associated with that key in the data store .
Candidate: retrieves the entry and returns the specified key and if this function to be the same key .

Sample 7937:
Reference: iterations iterations of analysis .
Candidate: iterations iterations of analysis .

Sample 7938:
Reference: invoked when a node has moved .
Candidate: invoked when a node has moved .

Sample 7939:
Reference: call this function when the ichargeconductor is invalidated .
Candidate: invalidate the cached query and remove it from the cache .

Sample 7940:
Reference: check if a page is already in use .
Candidate: check if a page id is used .

Sample 7941:
Reference: starts an experiment scope .
Candidate: called when the user selects a new scope .

Sample 7942:
Reference: clear hard references from the buffer for better gc .
Candidate: clear the buffer size of

Sample 7943:
Reference: remove a name and its value if present .
Candidate: remove a name and its value if present .

Sample 7944:
Reference: returns true if the monetary value represented by this instance is less than that of the given other coin otherwise false .
Candidate: returns true if the monetary value represented by this instance is less than that of the given other coin otherwise false .

Sample 7945:
Reference: removes the mapping at the given index .
Candidate: removes the mapping at the given index .

Sample 7946:
Reference: paints the background of a menu item .
Candidate: paints the background of a menu item .

Sample 7947:
Reference: sorts a string list
Candidate: sorts a string list

Sample 7948:
Reference: notify that a start has occurred .
Candidate: notify the deployment for a heartbeat event .

Sample 7949:
Reference: reads in a sequence of strings from standard input insertion sorts them and prints them to standard output in ascending order .
Candidate: reads in a sequence of strings from standard input stream and sorts them and prints them to standard output in ascending order .

Sample 7950:
Reference: returns whether a popup menu will be shown by this panel when the user takes the appropriate action .
Candidate: indicates whether the popup menu is currently enabled on the <UNK> menu .

Sample 7951:
Reference: move wide immediate instruction encoding supports bit immediate values which can be optionally shifted by multiples of i . e .
Candidate: whether if you attempt to be pushed to the immediate values .

Sample 7952:
Reference: returns a new simulation object from the given stream .
Candidate: returns a new simulation object from the given stream .

Sample 7953:
Reference: starts all core threads causing them to idly wait for work .
Candidate: starts all core threads causing them to idly wait for work .

Sample 7954:
Reference: tells that this entity is repeatable .
Candidate: whether or not this quest is repeatable .

Sample 7955:
Reference: cleanup stuff as paging mode is being cleared
Candidate: called when the user wants to refresh the mode .

Sample 7956:
Reference: called when the rtfparser encounters a bin keyword in the rtf stream .
Candidate: called when the rtfparser encounters a bin keyword in the rtf stream .

Sample 7957:
Reference: sets the current date .
Candidate: sets the current date .

Sample 7958:
Reference: returns true if the selection is rectangular false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the selection is rectangular false otherwise .

Sample 7959:
Reference: calculates the animation duration given the initialvelocity and a desired displacement .
Candidate: calculates the animation duration given the initialvelocity and a desired displacement .

Sample 7960:
Reference: returns the position of the element with the given relative rank within the virtual or non virtual internal dimensional array .
Candidate: returns the position of the element with the given relative rank within the virtual or non virtual internal dimensional array .

Sample 7961:
Reference: returns the capturedeviceinput that is recording the specified mediafile
Candidate: returns the last read that is the last mediafile of the specified disk

Sample 7962:
Reference: returns if the specified attribute was not in input was declared in xml .
Candidate: returns if the specified attribute was not in input was declared in xml .

Sample 7963:
Reference: link the instructions of the given basic block .
Candidate: link a basic block of a block of block bstblock .

Sample 7964:
Reference: notification that an exception has occurred .
Candidate: the that the to not the the specified js object successfully .

Sample 7965:
Reference: sets the size indicating how many term buckets should be returned defaults to
Candidate: set the number of productions to retrieve .

Sample 7966:
Reference: performs this compilation task .
Candidate: performs this documentation task .

Sample 7967:
Reference: output the sql type for a java byte .
Candidate: output the sql type for a java byte .

Sample 7968:
Reference: deserialize an object from a file .
Candidate: deserialize an object from a binary file

Sample 7969:
Reference: ensure we have enough storage .
Candidate: checks if the file can fit the given number of children .

Sample 7970:
Reference: called by junit after each test method
Candidate: perform post test clean each test method

Sample 7971:
Reference: converts the timestamp to an instant .
Candidate: converts a timestamp timestamp to the latest format

Sample 7972:
Reference: writes a portion of an array of characters .
Candidate: writes a portion of an array of characters .

Sample 7973:
Reference: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .
Candidate: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .

Sample 7974:
Reference: adds a listener that is notified about changes in the graph view settings .
Candidate: adds a listener that that is notified about changes in the graph .

Sample 7975:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates the auto typed socket for the <UNK> .

Sample 7976:
Reference: sets whether zjbimageloader will consider exif parameters of jpeg image rotate flip
Candidate: sets whether imageloader will consider exif parameters of jpeg image rotate flip

Sample 7977:
Reference: get the sum of a tuple data value .
Candidate: get the sum of a tuple data value .

Sample 7978:
Reference: provides the new y touch position and the related child view .
Candidate: called when the user is a chance to remove the view .

Sample 7979:
Reference: close a continuous query on the given server using connections from the given pool to communicate with the server .
Candidate: does a server using the server using connections from the given pool to communicate with the server .

Sample 7980:
Reference: convertinttobigdecimal private method to convert int to bigdecimal
Candidate: convertinttobigdecimal private method to convert int to bigdecimal

Sample 7981:
Reference: return the unnormalized value centered at the mean distance normalized by standard deviation
Candidate: returns the <UNK> value for the mean mean or a distance value

Sample 7982:
Reference: update existed user group
Candidate: updates a user group for some to to some objects of the given organization .

Sample 7983:
Reference: returns an enumeration of the values in this table .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the values in this table .

Sample 7984:
Reference: support for reporting bound property changes for object properties .
Candidate: if a native property is available for the the registry is available for the reasons .

Sample 7985:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 7986:
Reference: invoked when an mutationevent of type domnodeinserted is fired .
Candidate: invoked when an mutationevent of type domnodeinserted is fired .

Sample 7987:
Reference: checks to ensure that an object of a remote or abstract interface type can be cast to a desired type .
Candidate: translates the pointer object of a native object reference to a desired object type .

Sample 7988:
Reference: randomizes every row in the table for the given node index .
Candidate: randomizes every row in the table for the given node index .

Sample 7989:
Reference: copy file or directory to the specified destination .
Candidate: copy file or directory to the specified destination .

Sample 7990:
Reference: fail with a reminder to provide the seconds step for a recursive structure
Candidate: apply the <UNK> step when constructing recursive structures .

Sample 7991:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 7992:
Reference: smooth closed the menu on the left .
Candidate: called when the user presses the left menu button .

Sample 7993:
Reference: a resource has been moved
Candidate: when a new resource has been modified

Sample 7994:
Reference: print the text of a message translating newlines appropriately for the platform .
Candidate: print the text of a message translating newlines appropriately for the platform .

Sample 7995:
Reference: returns whether this pass is to be rendered .
Candidate: returns true if this comonent is enabled should be drawn false if not .

Sample 7996:
Reference: obviously hide the keyboard from http stackoverflow . com a
Candidate: hide the keyboard keyboard focus view of the view in the activity in the adapter can be broken down .

Sample 7997:
Reference: writes an array of corba longlongs i . e .
Candidate: writes long array of long long value with offset .

Sample 7998:
Reference: returns a filter that accepts files that begin with the provided magic number .
Candidate: returns a filter that accepts files that begin with the provided magic number .

Sample 7999:
Reference: append mode info .
Candidate: append mode info .

Sample 8000:
Reference: retrieve the previous token from the command and store it in m token string .
Candidate: retrieve the previous token from the command and store it in m token string .

Sample 8001:
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message

Sample 8002:
Reference: sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
Candidate: sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .

Sample 8003:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 8004:
Reference: comprueba que los elementos seleccionados sean del mismo tipo .
Candidate: return whether a granularity of the specified feature seleccionados .

Sample 8005:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8006:
Reference: returns a node for a boolean constant .
Candidate: returns a node for a boolean constant .

Sample 8007:
Reference: coverts given bytes array to array of booleans .
Candidate: coverts given bytes array to array of booleans .

Sample 8008:
Reference: returns true if the called method is of a superclass of the current class .
Candidate: returns true if the called method is of a superclass of the current class .

Sample 8009:
Reference: returns the current value as a double .
Candidate: get the double value of the pair .

Sample 8010:
Reference: find out if shadows are visible
Candidate: determine whether the shadow is enabled and may be called by the view .

Sample 8011:
Reference: construct a new prolog interpreter .
Candidate: creates a local context from the one flow to this one .

Sample 8012:
Reference: deletes the qtree at the given path vol lt volume gt lt qtree gt .
Candidate: deletes the qtree at the given path vol lt

Sample 8013:
Reference: serialize the dl config into a string .
Candidate: serialize the dl config into a string .

Sample 8014:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8015:
Reference: get the uri of the passed volumes .
Candidate: checks the link to a list of volumes .

Sample 8016:
Reference: checks if a group features on this track
Candidate: checks whether a group features on this track .

Sample 8017:
Reference: writes a line of content .
Candidate: writes a line of csv file .

Sample 8018:
Reference: removes a listener from the listener provider .
Candidate: removes a listener from the listener provider .

Sample 8019:
Reference: this method is used by toolkit .
Candidate: optimize an inputstream to an inputstream .

Sample 8020:
Reference: attempts to cas decrement the workercount field of ctl .
Candidate: attempts to cas decrement the workercount field of ctl .

Sample 8021:
Reference: returns the name of the part of speech represented by this object .
Candidate: converts this object to a string value .

Sample 8022:
Reference: returns the jmx port integer argument .
Candidate: returns a integer port argument on the default port .

Sample 8023:
Reference: clones a set of attributes .
Candidate: returns a clone of this enumeration value .

Sample 8024:
Reference: returns true if checked node is leaf .
Candidate: return true if is is a leaf or any .

Sample 8025:
Reference: stores this keystore to the given output stream and protects its integrity with the given password .
Candidate: stores this keystore to the given output stream and protects its integrity with the given password .

Sample 8026:
Reference: subclasses must define this to encode a property as a string for output to a file .
Candidate: encode the property property to a string property .

Sample 8027:
Reference: called to denote that the plugin has finished
Candidate: called to denote that the plugin has finished

Sample 8028:
Reference: actualiza un formato de la ficha
Candidate: actualiza los datos de la pagina equivalent to the <UNK> .

Sample 8029:
Reference: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .
Candidate: returns true if responses to this request should be cached .

Sample 8030:
Reference: draws annotation on the chart .
Candidate: draws annotation on the chart .

Sample 8031:
Reference: we will cache window object in order to be able to provide parent shell for the message dialog .
Candidate: this will be window object in order to be the window orientation .

Sample 8032:
Reference: creates underlying database table using daos .
Candidate: creates underlying database table using daos .

Sample 8033:
Reference: parses the supplied sparql update sequence and builds a syntax tree from it .
Candidate: parses the supplied sparql update sequence and builds a syntax tree from it .

Sample 8034:
Reference: creates an sprite with a texture .
Candidate: creates an sprite with a texture and a rect .

Sample 8035:
Reference: check and throws an exception if happens during this factory threads execution .
Candidate: checks throw the stream and throw an error if the error has occurred .

Sample 8036:
Reference: translates the object along the given vector .
Candidate: translates the object along the given vector .

Sample 8037:
Reference: check if we are in either an active or holding call
Candidate: check if we are in either an active or holding call

Sample 8038:
Reference: return string of input integer
Candidate: return string of input integer

Sample 8039:
Reference: notification fired when an asynchronous validation completes .
Candidate: fired when the validation process is executed in a sequence of band errors .

Sample 8040:
Reference: returns a single value for option or null if not present .
Candidate: return a string string with string names of the expected properties for this snippet .

Sample 8041:
Reference: put n bytes from the remaining of the byte array .
Candidate: put items into the buffer .

Sample 8042:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8043:
Reference: converts an array of bytes into a sanger encoded quality string
Candidate: converts an array of bytes into a <UNK> string

Sample 8044:
Reference: updates the cpl context with parameters calculated using dest context values .
Candidate: builds the <UNK> flow to this cache and adds it to the <UNK> .

Sample 8045:
Reference: destroys all discovered services belonging to the federation and their persistent data and disconnects from the federation .
Candidate: this method is called when the valve is about to be destroyed .

Sample 8046:
Reference: enables export button if all prerequisites for export are being met .
Candidate: check if the <UNK> field is enabled and not to the <UNK> text .

Sample 8047:
Reference: main generate method should generate structure and return true .
Candidate: main main method should generate structure and return true .

Sample 8048:
Reference: checks if source user is being followed by target user
Candidate: indicates if the source code is ordered for the projects of the source line .

Sample 8049:
Reference: any options found in props to the cmd list
Candidate: any options found in props to the cmd list

Sample 8050:
Reference: allows the mbean to perform any operations it needs before being unregistered by the mbean server .
Candidate: allows the mbean to perform any operations it needs before being unregistered by the mbean server .

Sample 8051:
Reference: get beta functionality .
Candidate: get beta functionality .

Sample 8052:
Reference: get the class hierarchy for the given scene .
Candidate: get the class hierarchy for the given scene .

Sample 8053:
Reference: helper to hide the keyboard
Candidate: helper to hide the keyboard

Sample 8054:
Reference: write byte array to request body
Candidate: write byte array to request body

Sample 8055:
Reference: returns the unique instance of annotationgenerator .
Candidate: returns the unique instance of annotationgenerator .

Sample 8056:
Reference: can be used by your icyberware implementation s setquality function .
Candidate: writes the itemstack to the given tag name and

Sample 8057:
Reference: returns the number of foos where field .
Candidate: returns the number of foos where field .

Sample 8058:
Reference: create an instance of attributedqnametype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 8059:
Reference: adds a block to this list in an unsorted fashion like a stack .
Candidate: add the block to to a list of merge .

Sample 8060:
Reference: notify the draggesturelistener that a drag and drop initiating gesture has occurred .
Candidate: notify the draggesturelistener that a drag and drop initiating gesture has occurred .

Sample 8061:
Reference: prepare some of the other methods by loading a sequence pointer
Candidate: initialise the file position for the given log file .

Sample 8062:
Reference: writes the statements onto the statement indices batch parallel no truth maintenance .
Candidate: writes the statements onto the statement indices batch parallel truth maintenance .

Sample 8063:
Reference: apply the transformer to convert raw data to desired object type for the next ajax request .
Candidate: set the transformer transformation such as a operator .

Sample 8064:
Reference: increments the iterator s index by one returning the next character .
Candidate: get the current index by index .

Sample 8065:
Reference: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface
Candidate: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface

Sample 8066:
Reference: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .
Candidate: adds or replaces an entry to the cache .

Sample 8067:
Reference: return true if this state is empty .
Candidate: returns true if the buffer has no buffered state .

Sample 8068:
Reference: resets the actions list .
Candidate: resets the list of actions .

Sample 8069:
Reference: paints the background of a panel .
Candidate: paints the background of a panel .

Sample 8070:
Reference: return true if the cap is empty i . e .
Candidate: return true if the cap is empty i . e .

Sample 8071:
Reference: provides a way to disable crash uploading entirely regardless of the preferences .
Candidate: provides a way to disable crash uploading entirely regardless of the preferences .

Sample 8072:
Reference: parses the given string as an integer where the given string is in the format required by a numeric field .
Candidate: parses a double value as a string

Sample 8073:
Reference: close soft input keyboard when click the white free space
Candidate: call the <UNK> method when the soft button is <UNK> focus .

Sample 8074:
Reference: the best way to product the miniframe
Candidate: prepares a new frame frame with the specified title and frames .

Sample 8075:
Reference: parses the date value using the given date formats .
Candidate: parses the date value using the given date formats .

Sample 8076:
Reference: fills every slot in the list with the specified value .
Candidate: fills every slot in the list with the specified value .

Sample 8077:
Reference: called when a player used right clicked with the tool .
Candidate: called when the player right clicks a <UNK> to the right of this player .

Sample 8078:
Reference: mandatory method for the onclick event
Candidate: mandatory method for the onclick event

Sample 8079:
Reference: pushes a value into the operand stack of this frame .
Candidate: pushes a value into the operand stack of this frame .

Sample 8080:
Reference: adds a listener object that is notified about debug events .
Candidate: adds a new listener object that is notified about incoming events .

Sample 8081:
Reference: this stops the threads that implement this service .
Candidate: interrupts interrupts the first poll and then waits for all animations .

Sample 8082:
Reference: shows metrics for this audio player
Candidate: shows metrics for this audio player

Sample 8083:
Reference: write data into socket
Candidate: write current data socket

Sample 8084:
Reference: generates a pop instruction .
Candidate: generates a pop instruction .

Sample 8085:
Reference: set of all possible run time types of objects in the set .
Candidate: set of all possible run types of objects in the list .

Sample 8086:
Reference: indicates whether the given class can be read by this converter .
Candidate: indicates whether the given class can be read by this converter .

Sample 8087:
Reference: sets the iteration count to .
Candidate: resets the iteration count to use of the <UNK> and rebuild the .

Sample 8088:
Reference: contexts tstructmember returns tstructgetter tstructgetter returns tstructgetter constraint name identifiername declaredtyperef typeref ?
Candidate: contexts tstructmember returns tstructgetter tstructgetter returns tstructgetter constraint name identifiername declaredtyperef typeref ?

Sample 8089:
Reference: this method indicates whether the expression uses content .
Candidate: indicates whether this is is an extended content .

Sample 8090:
Reference: optional sets the title to the provided value
Candidate: optional sets the title to the provided value

Sample 8091:
Reference: permanently deletes an existing tag .
Candidate: permanently deletes an existing tag .

Sample 8092:
Reference: can this item receive mana from a mana pool ?
Candidate: checks if this is is a mana pool for the given machine .

Sample 8093:
Reference: closes the serializer and the underlying output stream or writer and releases any memory associated with it .
Candidate: disconnects with the server .

Sample 8094:
Reference: this method is called by the framework on reset to defaults action
Candidate: deletes settings for for the user for the user code .

Sample 8095:
Reference: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .
Candidate: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .

Sample 8096:
Reference: disconnect from a mqtt connection
Candidate: disconnect when a connection has been connected to the server .

Sample 8097:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 8098:
Reference: reads into byte buffers directly using the supplied file descriptor .
Candidate: read the <UNK> buffer into a <UNK> number of bytes and returns the <UNK> buffers .

Sample 8099:
Reference: retrieve the value of the generate job spec flag .
Candidate: returns true if we should be forced to generate a job job .

Sample 8100:
Reference: adds a new divider to the bottom sheet which is created by the builder .
Candidate: adds a new divider to the passed highlighted .

Sample 8101:
Reference: sets a raw xcontent json addaggregation .
Candidate: sets a raw xcontent json addaggregation .

Sample 8102:
Reference: adds a bitmap to both memory and disk cache .
Candidate: adds a bitmap to both memory and disk cache .

Sample 8103:
Reference: returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
Candidate: returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .

Sample 8104:
Reference: change our id not a good idea
Candidate: sets the <UNK> id to use the <UNK> room for

Sample 8105:
Reference: remove chunk only from queued warning this depends on c . equals implementation which is straightforward for singlechunks .
Candidate: removes a chunk from its bag .

Sample 8106:
Reference: disconnects the specified connection from the broker .
Candidate: disconnects a client that will replace the broker to a new connection

Sample 8107:
Reference: returns a string representation of this thread including the thread s name and priority .
Candidate: converts a string object into a string translating boolean name .

Sample 8108:
Reference: create an instance of saslresponsetypedatatype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 8109:
Reference: invoked after the proximity browsing preview setting changed .
Candidate: called after the zoom mode is changed .

Sample 8110:
Reference: see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput .
Candidate: see the general contract of the long method of datainput .

Sample 8111:
Reference: gets the value of the nfsmountcreationsupported property .
Candidate: indicates whether the backend should be used to <UNK> or not .

Sample 8112:
Reference: a player obtained a card and we notify the user
Candidate: determine if the user is a for the <UNK> and we <UNK>

Sample 8113:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports only data manipulation statements within a transaction .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports only data manipulation statements within a transaction .

Sample 8114:
Reference: removes an action listener previously added with the method addeditactionlistener .
Candidate: removes an action listener previously added with the method <UNK> method .

Sample 8115:
Reference: method called when authenticator is first initialized the delegator object can be obtained from the localdispatcher
Candidate: method called when authenticator is first initialized the delegator object can be obtained from the localdispatcher

Sample 8116:
Reference: skip specified amount of bytes
Candidate: skips an integer buffer of the specified buffer .

Sample 8117:
Reference: save a policy to a file
Candidate: saves the <UNK> to the temporary file .

Sample 8118:
Reference: modify the colors translucency by alpha . . with respect to the original color alpha .
Candidate: computes the color alpha from the given color and longitude to the alpha color .

Sample 8119:
Reference: translate trigger function from source database to target database
Candidate: translate trigger function from source source to target database

Sample 8120:
Reference: returns the position of this buffer .
Candidate: returns this buffer s position .

Sample 8121:
Reference: create a new printwriter for this file .
Candidate: create a new printwriter for this file .

Sample 8122:
Reference: produce a jsonarray of jsonobjects from a comma delimited text string using the first row as a source of names .
Candidate: produce a jsonarray of jsonobjects from a comma delimited text string using the first row as a source of names .

Sample 8123:
Reference: deserialize the content of an object from a datainput .
Candidate: just an extra content of an object

Sample 8124:
Reference: is the ui locked internal method
Candidate: is the ui locked internal method

Sample 8125:
Reference: uploads a list of local files into s .
Candidate: uploads a list of local files into s .

Sample 8126:
Reference: finish the tag context and write the tag
Candidate: do the end to be read from the current stream

Sample 8127:
Reference: shows the is typing . . status for seconds .
Candidate: returns the type of type

Sample 8128:
Reference: this is used to provide a textual representation of the parameter .
Candidate: this is used to provide a textual representation of the parameter .

Sample 8129:
Reference: returns a new instance of fresco drawee controller builder .
Candidate: creates a new singleton in the <UNK> list .

Sample 8130:
Reference: called when the user has scrolled to the end of the list
Candidate: called when the user has scrolled to the end of the list

Sample 8131:
Reference: the camera has errored and cannot display a preview .
Candidate: called when an error occurs during the error .

Sample 8132:
Reference: returns a rectangle that intersects the given rectangle with this rectangle
Candidate: returns a rectangle that intersects the given rectangle with this rectangle

Sample 8133:
Reference: handle a security exception thrown during initializing the processor iterator .
Candidate: handle a security exception thrown during initializing the processor iterator .

Sample 8134:
Reference: is called when a fruit has been picked from this plant grower .
Candidate: handles this set when some set is selected .

Sample 8135:
Reference: returns true if this is a zoom in keycode
Candidate: if true if the key is zoom to the hidden key

Sample 8136:
Reference: adds a new disposer .
Candidate: unit used to ban in the ui thread .

Sample 8137:
Reference: override this method to provide the ignite configuration this bundle will start .
Candidate: get the configuration of the configuration property .

Sample 8138:
Reference: checks whether the parameter can be configured by a customer .
Candidate: checks whether the parameter can be configured by a supplier .

Sample 8139:
Reference: callback invoked as first action in performancecollector starttiming string for reporting the start of a timing measurement .
Candidate: writes the start time measurement to the user .

Sample 8140:
Reference: returns true if the element is static .
Candidate: returns true if the method is static .

Sample 8141:
Reference: sends all through timedeadband delayed values immediately
Candidate: sends all through timedeadband delayed values immediately

Sample 8142:
Reference: adds the given xsl attribute to the set of collected attributes but only if there is a currently open element .
Candidate: adds the given xsl attribute to the end of collected attributes but only if there is a currently open element .

Sample 8143:
Reference: compare two objects for equality .
Candidate: compare two objects for equality .

Sample 8144:
Reference: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .

Sample 8145:
Reference: coerce a groovyresultset to a boolean value .
Candidate: coerce a set instance to a boolean value always be set as a boolean .

Sample 8146:
Reference: create a menu item that will redirect its key events .
Candidate: creates an element for the given with the given title and icon .

Sample 8147:
Reference: adds the specified resource as child .
Candidate: adds a child to this set .

Sample 8148:
Reference: returns true if this method has page streaming configured .
Candidate: returns if this page is currently streaming .

Sample 8149:
Reference: get the min normalized mutual information normalized unequal
Candidate: get the min radius mutual information normalized unequal

Sample 8150:
Reference: callback method to inform the caller that a video file has been processed
Candidate: callback method to inform the caller that a video file has been processed

Sample 8151:
Reference: computes the hashcode representing the unknown field data stored in this message .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> unknown address for the field addresses in the object that is in to be stored in a zip message .

Sample 8152:
Reference: number of expected annotation documents in this project numuser x document ignored
Candidate: returns the number of lines which are parsed to the given project .

Sample 8153:
Reference: remove the service from pigeon including unregister this service from registry
Candidate: removes the specified service from the http registry registry and throws all registered listeners .

Sample 8154:
Reference: does the node deliver payloads with event notifications .
Candidate: determines whether the alert should be sent to the other property .

Sample 8155:
Reference: determine whether shadows are drawn
Candidate: determine whether shadows are drawn

Sample 8156:
Reference: logs that the user exceeded the row limit and schedules a transmission soon .
Candidate: logs the last side of the last total number of <UNK> and pass the <UNK> .

Sample 8157:
Reference: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .
Candidate: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .

Sample 8158:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8159:
Reference: adds information about a keyword to this collection .
Candidate: add the distance to the first segment

Sample 8160:
Reference: checks if a string is empty ie is null or empty .
Candidate: checks if the given string is null or empty

Sample 8161:
Reference: allows you to hook in the bindview method and modify the view after binding
Candidate: allows you to hook in the bindview method and modify the view after binding

Sample 8162:
Reference: reloads the name server cache .
Candidate: returns true if the specified operating object is configured to be included in this favorite .

Sample 8163:
Reference: invoked when a test fails
Candidate: invoked when a test fails

Sample 8164:
Reference: replaces current tag with one given in parameter .
Candidate: updates tag path with given given in parameter .

Sample 8165:
Reference: leaves this monitor .
Candidate: leaves this monitor .

Sample 8166:
Reference: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .
Candidate: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .

Sample 8167:
Reference: marks end of access to file descriptor handle
Candidate: marks end of access to file descriptor handle

Sample 8168:
Reference: get the next mosby internal view id
Candidate: returns the next isolate the next in in the vector .

Sample 8169:
Reference: creates a testoutputformat to verify the output .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> to output the output of your stream .

Sample 8170:
Reference: get an audio clip from the given url .
Candidate: get an audio clip from the given url .

Sample 8171:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having clicked the enter key .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having clicked the enter key .

Sample 8172:
Reference: save the current matrix and view dimensions in the prevmatrix and prevview variables .
Candidate: save the current matrix and view dimensions in the prevmatrix and prevview variables .

Sample 8173:
Reference: ensures that serialization returns the unique instances .
Candidate: ensures that serialization returns the unique object .

Sample 8174:
Reference: returns a rectangle of the given dimenisions .
Candidate: returns a rectangle of the given dimenisions .

Sample 8175:
Reference: refills the input buffer .
Candidate: refills the input buffer .

Sample 8176:
Reference: observe all states of specified action type
Candidate: subscribe to remove all of the action with with .

Sample 8177:
Reference: apply the font style to the prompt
Candidate: apply the horizontal style of the fonts this font .

Sample 8178:
Reference: is a keypress one of the defined shortcut keys for this window .
Candidate: is a keypress one of the defined shortcut keys for this window .

Sample 8179:
Reference: clears the script cache
Candidate: clears the script cache and clears the <UNK> cache .

Sample 8180:
Reference: provides command line syntax information for the use of the main class function .
Candidate: provides command line syntax information for the execution of the main class function .

Sample 8181:
Reference: removes an exisiting attribute
Candidate: remove the name from the list s list .

Sample 8182:
Reference: returns value of a host header
Candidate: gets the to be a hostname or an ip address .

Sample 8183:
Reference: sets no default user credentials for operations .
Candidate: sets the default user credentials for operations .

Sample 8184:
Reference: remove all elements from pipeline with given value .
Candidate: remove all elements from pipeline with all elements .

Sample 8185:
Reference: creates a simple attribute depending on the given value type .
Candidate: creates a new attribute with the given name type .

Sample 8186:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the operation name feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the specified key feature .

Sample 8187:
Reference: returns the length of the vector .
Candidate: returns the vector length of the double d

Sample 8188:
Reference: returns whether it has the object number .
Candidate: returns whether it has the name number of the <UNK> .

Sample 8189:
Reference: unregisters an external history log member .
Candidate: unregister any history id associated with the given id in the future history .

Sample 8190:
Reference: returns an immutable sorted multiset containing the given elements sorted by their natural ordering .
Candidate: returns an immutable sorted multiset containing the given elements sorted by their natural ordering .

Sample 8191:
Reference: return the number of elements in this list
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this deque .

Sample 8192:
Reference: wraps a function in such a way the it will push the current execution context before any code gets executed and pop it afterwards
Candidate: wraps a function in such a way the it will push the current execution context before any code gets executed and pop it afterwards

Sample 8193:
Reference: get field id by order in footer .
Candidate: get order length of path .

Sample 8194:
Reference: create an instance of sharedsecretchallengeresponsetype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 8195:
Reference: this function handles call from js
Candidate: this function handles call from js

Sample 8196:
Reference: converts standard unix time in seconds utc gmt to filetime
Candidate: converts standard unix time in seconds utc gmt to filetime

Sample 8197:
Reference: returns an iterator over the elements in this list in proper sequence . p this implementation merely returns a list iterator over the list .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this list in proper sequence .

Sample 8198:
Reference: generate a signature for the message we ve been loaded with using the key we were initialised with .
Candidate: generate the signature for this message and data if you are stored with this encoder

Sample 8199:
Reference: adds a collection of final fields whose final modifier was removed by our instrumentation
Candidate: add a <UNK> fields to the given <UNK> field or not in the collection .

Sample 8200:
Reference: to create a singleton using the binding s scope and reuse it inside the binding s scope
Candidate: locks the <UNK> method to use the current <UNK> if it appears in the scope .

Sample 8201:
Reference: returns true if this policy allows resizing in at least one direction
Candidate: this method is used by tests if this loader is currently being to its superclass .

Sample 8202:
Reference: generates the textual output for comparison with soot s output
Candidate: generates the textual output for comparison with soot s output

Sample 8203:
Reference: create an instance of x datatypex ski
Candidate: create an instance of x datatypex ski

Sample 8204:
Reference: check whether the request targets an external resource or not
Candidate: check if a request is a system to a privileged request .

Sample 8205:
Reference: factory method to create a new broker
Candidate: factory method to create a new broker

Sample 8206:
Reference: called on long press touch event .
Candidate: called on long press touch event .

Sample 8207:
Reference: internal method for handling despawn events .
Candidate: create a <UNK> safe for drawing events .

Sample 8208:
Reference: apply the left half of a window of the specified type to the data .
Candidate: applies the <UNK> left to the ar n <UNK> on the window .

Sample 8209:
Reference: gets the contents at the given url .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given url .

Sample 8210:
Reference: constructs the operation type from its internal representation .
Candidate: generate the of type of an id property .

Sample 8211:
Reference: stop the threads that are waiting for incoming update messages .
Candidate: stops the threads so that stop threads wait for all update requests .

Sample 8212:
Reference: prefetch a cache line architecture independent
Candidate: prefetch a cache line architecture independent

Sample 8213:
Reference: set flags to stop the relaxer thread .
Candidate: stops the deduplicator .

Sample 8214:
Reference: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service .
Candidate: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service .

Sample 8215:
Reference: sets the number of examples to use to verify a property overriding any value set elsewhere
Candidate: specifies called during a custom number of which may be called from set of the properties set set .

Sample 8216:
Reference: returns whether cancelation of current operation has been requested .
Candidate: returns true if this is a canceled state .

Sample 8217:
Reference: iterate over all elements available .
Candidate: return all entries in the queue as would be retrievable with element

Sample 8218:
Reference: creates a buffered reader for this url using the given encoding .
Candidate: creates a buffered reader for this url using the given encoding .

Sample 8219:
Reference: sets the mode of this cipher .
Candidate: sets the mode of this cipher .

Sample 8220:
Reference: check if any of the edges specified were initially touched in the currently active gesture .
Candidate: check if any of the edges specified were initially touched in the currently active gesture .

Sample 8221:
Reference: fields to include during indexing .
Candidate: returns list that can be included .

Sample 8222:
Reference: remove the specified host .
Candidate: removes the host with the specified name .

Sample 8223:
Reference: inserts the specified object at the specified index in the array .
Candidate: inserts the specified object at the specified index in the array .

Sample 8224:
Reference: change the state of the task and inform the browsercontroller .
Candidate: changes the state state to the <UNK> state .

Sample 8225:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 8226:
Reference: adds specified annotation to the end of annotations array and tagged it .
Candidate: creates and annotation the the annotation .

Sample 8227:
Reference: returns a null token .
Candidate: returns a null token of the token list .

Sample 8228:
Reference: returns the plain number if given string can be converted to one .
Candidate: get the number of a string if it contains an integer .

Sample 8229:
Reference: add an header line containing a field name a literal colon and a value .
Candidate: add an header line containing a field name a literal colon and a value .

Sample 8230:
Reference: transform a rectangle with all matrices with potential animation phases .
Candidate: transform a rectangle with all matrices with potential animation phases .

Sample 8231:
Reference: computes the hash code of this reference .
Candidate: computes the hash code of this reference .

Sample 8232:
Reference: min width of the popup .
Candidate: set the min width and height to a

Sample 8233:
Reference: checks whether this panel is in the central part of it s parent .
Candidate: determines if the panel is valid to the center of the

Sample 8234:
Reference: lists the child managed objects associated with the specified set relation .
Candidate: lists the child managed objects associated with the specified set relation .

Sample 8235:
Reference: creates a preparedstatement for the active connection with the provided sql string amd the given result set type and result set concurrency
Candidate: prepare for preparedstatement for <UNK> calls using the active database

Sample 8236:
Reference: returns a string describing classifier
Candidate: returns a string describing this nearest neighbour search algorithm .

Sample 8237:
Reference: asserts that a value is positive .
Candidate: assert that the given int value is not equal .

Sample 8238:
Reference: here so dialogs can disable this
Candidate: initializes the status bar popup to the north of the controls

Sample 8239:
Reference: initialize the uploader with the incoming context .
Candidate: initialize <UNK> with the incoming context .

Sample 8240:
Reference: adds an action listener to listen for button events .
Candidate: adds an action listener to this class to listen for events .

Sample 8241:
Reference: convert a nibble to a hex character
Candidate: convert a nibble to a hex character

Sample 8242:
Reference: checks that the visitend method has not been called .
Candidate: checks that the visitend method has not been called .

Sample 8243:
Reference: execute the code block without trapping exceptions .
Candidate: runs the config and which it to be called in the config file .

Sample 8244:
Reference: resize a bytebuffer object which backed buffer is coming from backed native memory pool .
Candidate: resize a bytebuffer object which backed buffer is coming from backed native memory pool .

Sample 8245:
Reference: populate a passed in array with random data .
Candidate: generates hash code that generates a new <UNK> for the specified point <UNK> .

Sample 8246:
Reference: assert that s is is not the same type as t
Candidate: assert that type is the same type as type t

Sample 8247:
Reference: perform the given operation on the database with the given name only if that database exists .
Candidate: performs both the database to be named collection of the database names .

Sample 8248:
Reference: returns a string representation of the receiver .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the receiver .

Sample 8249:
Reference: utility method to run the pre compiled query and return the value in the first column of the first row .
Candidate: utility method to run the pre compiled query and return the value in the first column of the first row .

Sample 8250:
Reference: resize the bitmap to a fixed width and height
Candidate: resizes the bitmap bitmap to be blurring by bitmap .

Sample 8251:
Reference: check if v or version option was specified .
Candidate: check if command to use code that should be retried .

Sample 8252:
Reference: has routing been resolved during the parsing phase .
Candidate: is whether the unlock the unlock ?

Sample 8253:
Reference: invoked to visit subtraction expressions .
Candidate: invoked when visiting expression .

Sample 8254:
Reference: convert radians to distance .
Candidate: converts the distance from milliseconds to the nearest half of system .

Sample 8255:
Reference: converts a signed short value to an unsigned int value .
Candidate: <UNK> b and returns the absolute value of the <UNK> .

Sample 8256:
Reference: perform actions when changing source url .
Candidate: perform actions when changing source url .

Sample 8257:
Reference: internal method to check if this accessor has a returnupdate annotation .
Candidate: override if this method is override to handle any type or if they want the method is

Sample 8258:
Reference: visits a zero operand instruction .
Candidate: visits a zero operand instruction .

Sample 8259:
Reference: returns true if the string str contains only whitespace
Candidate: returns true if the string is a double spaces

Sample 8260:
Reference: dervived class can overwrite this method to perform some necessary tasks before reseting profile .
Candidate: dervived class can overwrite this method to perform some necessary tasks before reseting profile .

Sample 8261:
Reference: enable or disable injecting stops .
Candidate: enable or disable injecting stops .

Sample 8262:
Reference: writes string ends current line indents in .
Candidate: write string end current line indent in .

Sample 8263:
Reference: returns the size of a full segment given the entrysize entriespersegment and segmentdescriptor .
Candidate: <UNK> the size size of the <UNK> segment .

Sample 8264:
Reference: updates the notifications when the import is failing .
Candidate: updates the notifications when the import is failing .

Sample 8265:
Reference: always process all intersections
Candidate: always that this should continue to be executed all components until all components are transformed .

Sample 8266:
Reference: gets group block size i . e .
Candidate: gets file group block size i . e .

Sample 8267:
Reference: can the port accept additional characters ?
Candidate: can the port accept additional characters ?

Sample 8268:
Reference: removes connectioneventlisteners from hash table used for notification of connectionevents
Candidate: remove the commands and listening to the <UNK> listeners for all the .

Sample 8269:
Reference: adds a sql group by
Candidate: adds a sql group by

Sample 8270:
Reference: insert element e into the binary search tree .
Candidate: insert element e into the binary search tree .

Sample 8271:
Reference: remove a switch port from maintenance queue .
Candidate: remove a switch port from maintenance queue .

Sample 8272:
Reference: returns the charset of this media type or null if this media type doesn t specify a charset .
Candidate: returns the charset of this media type or null if this media type doesn t specify a charset .

Sample 8273:
Reference: does not write any output just returns the writer .
Candidate: write the contents of this writer to the specified writer .

Sample 8274:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 8275:
Reference: closes the project .
Candidate: gets the <UNK> dialog to the the user .

Sample 8276:
Reference: sets the next node in the queue and returns it .
Candidate: sets the next node in the queue and returns it .

Sample 8277:
Reference: prints an integer followed by a newline .
Candidate: prints a double followed by a newline .

Sample 8278:
Reference: renders the response body for a request .
Candidate: render the odata request to perform a class to perform a render operation .

Sample 8279:
Reference: returns true if given key greater than or equal to least and strictly less than fence bypassing either test if least or fence are null .
Candidate: returns true if given key greater than or equal to least and strictly less than fence bypassing either test if least or fence are null .

Sample 8280:
Reference: return a cursor pointing to the record matches the actionid .
Candidate: return a cursor pointing to the record matches the logactionid .

Sample 8281:
Reference: end a started tag .
Candidate: called when the stop tag is a stop write method .

Sample 8282:
Reference: returns the objectify service wrapper .
Candidate: use this static method for getting the objectify service object in order to make sure before objectify static objectify executed before using objectify .

Sample 8283:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 8284:
Reference: inserts the specified tagview into this containerlayout at the end .
Candidate: inserts the specified tagview into this containerlayout at the end .

Sample 8285:
Reference: checks whether the object is provided by this language .
Candidate: checks if we can be the type of annotations or not .

Sample 8286:
Reference: orders the given setup actions according to their ordering constrains if any .
Candidate: gets an order of sql <UNK> to the specified input .

Sample 8287:
Reference: adds new child to the list of div children .
Candidate: adds new child to the list of div children .

Sample 8288:
Reference: looks at the varray to see if zoning is disabled and looks to make sure that there is at least one active networksystem registered .
Candidate: returns true if the given origin is currently looks at <UNK> to make sure the server is moved to

Sample 8289:
Reference: is the command currently applicable ?
Candidate: is the command currently applicable ?

Sample 8290:
Reference: returns an unmodifiable map containing the entries from the left map whose keys are not present in the right map .
Candidate: returns an unmodifiable map containing the entries from the left map whose keys are not present in the right map .

Sample 8291:
Reference: this makes the currently active action execute before the specified event filter is passed .
Candidate: this makes the currently active action execute before the specified event is passed .

Sample 8292:
Reference: configure request to ignore cookies .
Candidate: convenience method for handling of the download request .

Sample 8293:
Reference: returns true if the arguments are both nan are equal or are within the range of allowed error inclusive .
Candidate: returns true if both arguments are nan or are equal or within the range of error inclusive .

Sample 8294:
Reference: specifies the policy value
Candidate: gets the policy value for the specified policy value .

Sample 8295:
Reference: install debugger to use .
Candidate: install debugger to use .

Sample 8296:
Reference: generates noise onto the range reading .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> that shall be called in the <UNK> list .

Sample 8297:
Reference: logs saml specific access conditions to the saml access log amsaml . access .
Candidate: logs saml specific id to the saml error log amsaml . access .

Sample 8298:
Reference: gets the number of fields that this period supports .
Candidate: returns the number of fields in this iterable .

Sample 8299:
Reference: notify any listeners about a homepage state change .
Candidate: notify any listeners about a homepage state change .

Sample 8300:
Reference: appends a printer parser pair .
Candidate: appends just a printer .

Sample 8301:
Reference: starts the main fanout thread that copies from system bus master to individual subscriptions .
Candidate: creates a new unparented xid <UNK> for this <UNK> . getmetadata .

Sample 8302:
Reference: if nodes are not in the graph add them into graph first .
Candidate: if nodes are not in the graph add them into graph first .

Sample 8303:
Reference: get the display string of the repository this result comes from
Candidate: the string name of the repository to which is the title information .

Sample 8304:
Reference: removes all elements from the priority queue .
Candidate: removes all elements from this priority queue .

Sample 8305:
Reference: uses sendsynchronous to send an atcommand and collect the response p timeout value is fixed at seconds
Candidate: sends a <UNK> to wait for the given command .

Sample 8306:
Reference: invoked if a refund was granted for a purchase
Candidate: indicates the listener for a particular sku was purchased

Sample 8307:
Reference: grow weight for the component horizontally .
Candidate: grow weight for the component horizontally .

Sample 8308:
Reference: removes a registered observer .
Candidate: removes an observer of the index change observer .

Sample 8309:
Reference: reset filter input and show dialog .
Candidate: operate the message dialog show it and manage user actions .

Sample 8310:
Reference: tests if the connection is locked .
Candidate: tests if the layer is locked .

Sample 8311:
Reference: fires up the asynchronoussteppable after a pause .
Candidate: this method paused restart manager .

Sample 8312:
Reference: this operation creates a new poa as a child of the target poa .
Candidate: gets the servant map of the poa context that should be specified to the specified servant and the specified servant .

Sample 8313:
Reference: create a continuous query on the given server
Candidate: create a continuous operation on the server .

Sample 8314:
Reference: flag indicating whether to allow or deny cache and task operations if they were not explicitly specified .
Candidate: return if the should should be reloaded by the <UNK> to not .

Sample 8315:
Reference: pauses the dfu process .
Candidate: method that controls the lifecycle of the view .

Sample 8316:
Reference: create a new rule .
Candidate: create a new rule .

Sample 8317:
Reference: call this method to refresh the graph with a given matrix
Candidate: call this method to refresh the graph with a given matrix

Sample 8318:
Reference: applies convolution against the currently loaded buffer samples .
Candidate: computes the sample bounds for the sample

Sample 8319:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8320:
Reference: resolve the specified variable .
Candidate: declare the specified variable .

Sample 8321:
Reference: creates an inset border with the specified thickness and color
Candidate: creates an inset border with the specified thickness and color colors

Sample 8322:
Reference: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .
Candidate: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .

Sample 8323:
Reference: returns the number of symbols contained in this production .
Candidate: returns the number of symbols contained in this production .

Sample 8324:
Reference: gets whether this user is muted locally meaning they muted themselves .
Candidate: checks if the handler is currently able to be executed .

Sample 8325:
Reference: returns the value of the system property or nan if not defined .
Candidate: convert the system property value to a float value .

Sample 8326:
Reference: creates a new object of the same class and with the same contents as this object .
Candidate: creates and returns a copy of this object .

Sample 8327:
Reference: create a clone of this versioned object such that the object pointed to is the same but the vectorclock and versioned wrapper is a shallow copy .
Candidate: create a clone of this versioned object such that the object pointed to is the same but the vectorclock and versioned wrapper is a shallow copy .

Sample 8328:
Reference: get number of objects
Candidate: returns the number of elements value mappings in this map .

Sample 8329:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 8330:
Reference: releases all objects fullscreenvideoview depends on
Candidate: only called to remove the engine when you need to delete .

Sample 8331:
Reference: convert the descriptor to its protocol message representation .
Candidate: convert the descriptor to its protocol message representation .

Sample 8332:
Reference: called when a preference has been clicked .
Candidate: called when a preference has been clicked .

Sample 8333:
Reference: verifies that the connection is open .
Candidate: determines if this stream is open closed to closed .

Sample 8334:
Reference: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .
Candidate: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .

Sample 8335:
Reference: create an instance of signaturemethodelement
Candidate: create an instance of signaturemethodelement

Sample 8336:
Reference: remove a specified action
Candidate: remove a specified action

Sample 8337:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: this method can be used as url

Sample 8338:
Reference: computes a hashcode for this iterator .
Candidate: returns the same hash code for this method

Sample 8339:
Reference: the tool was selected start showing the marker .
Candidate: activates a region resource so that it should be the same in the same data

Sample 8340:
Reference: returns a thin emoresponse wrapper around the jersey response .
Candidate: returns a thin emoresponse wrapper around the jersey publisher .

Sample 8341:
Reference: the pattern was cleared .
Candidate: the pattern was cleared .

Sample 8342:
Reference: returns the url as endpoint
Candidate: returns the url of the given url

Sample 8343:
Reference: skillcaster will receive the decrease flight time effect in a moment because he used skillname .
Candidate: skillcaster received the decrease flight time because skillcaster used skillname .

Sample 8344:
Reference: notify all the registered observers
Candidate: notify all observer registered all changes in the project .

Sample 8345:
Reference: determines whether the delivery rule is set to onlyreciept
Candidate: determines whether the <UNK> should be set to <UNK> to a <UNK>

Sample 8346:
Reference: add an allowed implicit cast in this layout .
Candidate: add the <UNK> to be called instead of <UNK> functions .

Sample 8347:
Reference: returns the number of jcomponents that have debugging options turned on .
Candidate: returns the number of <UNK> that have debugging options turned on .

Sample 8348:
Reference: sets a query used for filtering out suggested phrases collation .
Candidate: sets a query used for filtering out suggested phrases collation .

Sample 8349:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 8350:
Reference: process a stop event for this host .
Candidate: process a single event for this host .

Sample 8351:
Reference: the operation to perform when this action is triggered .
Candidate: called when a background action occurs into a program .

Sample 8352:
Reference: pack the data from the specified jar input stream to the specified output stream .
Candidate: pack the data from the specified jar input stream to the specified output stream .

Sample 8353:
Reference: sets the name of the repository .
Candidate: sets the repository which uniquely repository .

Sample 8354:
Reference: called incrementally during a transfer .
Candidate: called incrementally during a transfer .

Sample 8355:
Reference: add the specified arc to the path as a new contour .
Candidate: adds the specified oval to the path or the path .

Sample 8356:
Reference: encode the contents to boolean array expression of one dimensional barcode .
Candidate: encode the contents to boolean array expression of one dimensional barcode .

Sample 8357:
Reference: perform a http head request and track the android context which initiated the request .
Candidate: perform a http head request and track the android context which initiated the request .

Sample 8358:
Reference: treat this method as
Candidate: treat this method as

Sample 8359:
Reference: logs error messages to the error logs .
Candidate: logs error messages to the error logs .

Sample 8360:
Reference: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .
Candidate: encodes a byte array into web safe base notation .

Sample 8361:
Reference: test if the node is joined .
Candidate: return true if the local client is a member of this group and not .

Sample 8362:
Reference: is the operator a compare val val gt condition ?
Candidate: is the operator a compare val val gt ?

Sample 8363:
Reference: called after we have delivered our region create event .
Candidate: releases view event and listener to handle the event .

Sample 8364:
Reference: start tethering services with the specified dhcp server range arg is a set of start end pairs defining the ranges .
Candidate: called when the virtual operation starts to start a list of <UNK> .

Sample 8365:
Reference: check that entries are of the same type .
Candidate: check that entries are of the same type .

Sample 8366:
Reference: construct and returns a new selection view .
Candidate: construct and returns a new selection view .

Sample 8367:
Reference: called to indicate that the current options should be persisted .
Candidate: called to indicate that the current options should be persisted .

Sample 8368:
Reference: writes the short at the given index .
Candidate: write a bit value value .

Sample 8369:
Reference: called to notify that back key has been pressed while the focus in on the url bar .
Candidate: called to notify that the key key has been in while focus in the url bar .

Sample 8370:
Reference: shows the scanner fragment .
Candidate: shows the scanner fragment .

Sample 8371:
Reference: set to true if you also want to display secondarydraweritems
Candidate: set to true if you want to show the drawer shadow flag .

Sample 8372:
Reference: send endprefixmapping events to the result tree handler for all declared prefix mappings in the stylesheet .
Candidate: send endprefixmapping events to the result tree handler for all declared prefix mappings in the stylesheet .

Sample 8373:
Reference: convert px to dip
Candidate: convert px to dip

Sample 8374:
Reference: updates server property inheritance settings .
Candidate: updates the server info for the specified server and <UNK> .

Sample 8375:
Reference: updates position and rank of all the children in the view .
Candidate: updates position and rank of all the children in the view .

Sample 8376:
Reference: return true if the specified node has a selection handle as a child .
Candidate: return true if the specified node has a selection handle as a child .

Sample 8377:
Reference: automatically shuts down the activitymanager when the applet is destroyed .
Candidate: automatically shuts down the activitymanager when the applet is destroyed .

Sample 8378:
Reference: associates a volume with a given blockconsistencygroup uri .
Candidate: associates a list of uri with a given uri .

Sample 8379:
Reference: updates the bezier offset curviness according to the current start and end positions .
Candidate: updates the coordinate system point and keep the results to a valid scroll state .

Sample 8380:
Reference: user can download the docker log to see what happened in build
Candidate: downloads the log directory in a new project

Sample 8381:
Reference: get the pojo property name of an getter setter
Candidate: get the pojo property name of an getter setter

Sample 8382:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8383:
Reference: nodelist method return the nth immediate child of this node or null if the index is out of bounds .
Candidate: nodelist method return the nth immediate child of this node or null if the index is out of bounds .

Sample 8384:
Reference: download image at specific index in a new async task .
Candidate: download an image from an user activity at the given location .

Sample 8385:
Reference: get notification that a throttle has been found as we requested .
Candidate: process the address that a throttle has been added

Sample 8386:
Reference: clear all content types .
Candidate: clears all content type into richtext s

Sample 8387:
Reference: creates a new foo with the primary key .
Candidate: creates a new foo with the primary key .

Sample 8388:
Reference: sends the supplied packet from a client to the server
Candidate: sends the supplied packet from a client to the server

Sample 8389:
Reference: intentionally call several times to ensure non reference equality
Candidate: intentionally call several times to ensure non reference equality

Sample 8390:
Reference: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .
Candidate: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .

Sample 8391:
Reference: queries metadata for give time series data type
Candidate: returns a list of time queries for each time .

Sample 8392:
Reference: decode the hex encoded string data whitespace will be ignored .
Candidate: decode the hex encoded string data whitespace will be ignored .

Sample 8393:
Reference: return whether the java version represented by this object is at least as recent as the one given .
Candidate: compares the distribution with version of v is compatible with the other than the .

Sample 8394:
Reference: upsample and blur an image using a gaussian pyramid kernel
Candidate: calculates an image approximation of a scaling image to use by the mesh .

Sample 8395:
Reference: create a new transformation context for this templates object .
Candidate: create a new transformation context for this templates object .

Sample 8396:
Reference: whether the request is success .
Candidate: returns whether this response is considered successful .

Sample 8397:
Reference: returns the bytes of the given ip address or masked ip address .
Candidate: returns the bytes of the given ip address or masked ip address .

Sample 8398:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an embedded message field .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an embedded message field .

Sample 8399:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera and interrupts this set .

Sample 8400:
Reference: returns a subpath of the current structure starting with the specified element index up to the end
Candidate: get a portion of this path that has a specified number of segments .

Sample 8401:
Reference: returns true if the current sql object is currently executing a withbatch method call .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is already run for the <UNK> .

Sample 8402:
Reference: checks if bw is suitable for vm .
Candidate: it checks the given the vm have enough ram for the containervm

Sample 8403:
Reference: removes all of the elements from this set .
Candidate: discards this set by saving a set to the hash function .

Sample 8404:
Reference: release any acquired resources .
Candidate: releases any resources we may have or inherit

Sample 8405:
Reference: indicates whether the provided value is acceptable for use in an attribute with this syntax .
Candidate: indicates whether the provided value is acceptable for use in this attribute .

Sample 8406:
Reference: subscribes to changes in the target temperature .
Candidate: subscribes to changes in the target state .

Sample 8407:
Reference: try consuming a sequence of characters
Candidate: try string and consume it if it matches

Sample 8408:
Reference: checks basic estimation of one attribute of the scheme for simple non troublesome datasets .
Candidate: execute the split class as opposed to use for an in strict type .

Sample 8409:
Reference: starts upgrade coordinator service
Candidate: starts service beacon and registers with coordinator cluster

Sample 8410:
Reference: called if delete operation was successful
Candidate: called when snapshot has successfully started

Sample 8411:
Reference: creates a jsoarray from a java array .
Candidate: creates a jsoarray from a java array .

Sample 8412:
Reference: computes local predictive info for the given values
Candidate: computes local information about previously sent out in the given gl context .

Sample 8413:
Reference: returns true if this rule should be imported as source .
Candidate: imports the given path to the first label of this label .

Sample 8414:
Reference: create a new cefrequest object .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> image .

Sample 8415:
Reference: scroll to the provided offset
Candidate: scroll to the provided offset

Sample 8416:
Reference: called when battery value has been received from the device .
Candidate: notification when the user has been battery level of battery level <UNK> have been received by the user

Sample 8417:
Reference: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .
Candidate: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .

Sample 8418:
Reference: returns highest node .
Candidate: returns the node .

Sample 8419:
Reference: requests that the argument string be displayed in the status window .
Candidate: requests that the argument string be displayed in the status window .

Sample 8420:
Reference: throws a runtime exception if the element does not have the given name .
Candidate: validates that a tag name is an annotation to the same tag .

Sample 8421:
Reference: convert a list of objects to the list of objects with the different type .
Candidate: convert a list of objects to the set of objects .

Sample 8422:
Reference: returns the mpaa rating for the specified show only used for movies .
Candidate: returns the seriesinfo object for a show show if the specified show is .

Sample 8423:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8424:
Reference: determines if the classification level is private .
Candidate: returns true if the private is private to private type

Sample 8425:
Reference: checks whether the given file exists .
Candidate: create a new file based on the provided file .

Sample 8426:
Reference: adds a new pan listener .
Candidate: adds a new pan listener .

Sample 8427:
Reference: move the camera to the supplied x and y coordinates .
Candidate: move the the to to the given x .

Sample 8428:
Reference: returns true if field version is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field version is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 8429:
Reference: return a string representation of a table name .
Candidate: get the name as it should be used in druid queries .

Sample 8430:
Reference: uu encoding specifies bytes per atom .
Candidate: number of bytes per atom in uuencoding is

Sample 8431:
Reference: truncate a string to a given size
Candidate: given a string to a limited length .

Sample 8432:
Reference: block messages to given destination .
Candidate: block messages to given destination .

Sample 8433:
Reference: add observations in to our estimates of the pdfs .
Candidate: add observations in to our estimates of the pdfs .

Sample 8434:
Reference: writes value to key in current row .
Candidate: adds a new provided to to a new properties .

Sample 8435:
Reference: returns true if the audiotimestamp was retrieved from the audiotrack .
Candidate: this method is called before the beginning of the audio data <UNK> before they be called into the start

Sample 8436:
Reference: returns whether or not this filter accepts the file name under a specified filestore .
Candidate: returns whether stored file to be stored in the file .

Sample 8437:
Reference: saves the content of the graphical view to a bitmap .
Candidate: saves the content of the graphical view to a bitmap .

Sample 8438:
Reference: draws an outline of the polygon .
Candidate: draws an outline of the polygon .

Sample 8439:
Reference: returns left margin of divider .
Candidate: returns left margin of divider .

Sample 8440:
Reference: returns true if this result represents an unmappable character error .
Candidate: returns true if this result represents an unmappable character error .

Sample 8441:
Reference: launches an activity on the url
Candidate: launches the the popup menu and is it to the activity .

Sample 8442:
Reference: lists the service descriptors using the provided locale for i n localization .
Candidate: get a <UNK> for all the users in the given locale .

Sample 8443:
Reference: ejecuta la accion sobre las sentencias .
Candidate: undoes the redoes change depending on its undo or code .

Sample 8444:
Reference: does this region support persistence ?
Candidate: indicates if this is a mapping for the distributed system .

Sample 8445:
Reference: add a new template to the cloud
Candidate: adds the template to be used for this manager .

Sample 8446:
Reference: saves the binary of the module to the database .
Candidate: saves the data of tab <UNK> to another tab .

Sample 8447:
Reference: checks if this item and p other contain exactly the same net numbers .
Candidate: checks if item contains all nets item in p item and item other item

Sample 8448:
Reference: paints the background of the row containing a cell in a tree .
Candidate: paints the background of the row containing a cell in a tree .

Sample 8449:
Reference: mock static methods in android . jar
Candidate: set the size of a new file to disk .

Sample 8450:
Reference: adds an operation to this container .
Candidate: add an operation to to be notified of the server for the existing event type .

Sample 8451:
Reference: returns a hash code value for the receiver .
Candidate: returns a hash for this receiver .

Sample 8452:
Reference: decodes data from base notation .
Candidate: decodes data from base notation .

Sample 8453:
Reference: notifies about removed files .
Candidate: called when the user is part of the list .

Sample 8454:
Reference: gets the list of available dxva mpeg modes .
Candidate: returns a list of the <UNK> that dscaler is to be used by the tv build .

Sample 8455:
Reference: creates an empty side navigation panel .
Candidate: creates an empty side navigation panel .

Sample 8456:
Reference: urlencode the given string .
Candidate: encodes a string to url url .

Sample 8457:
Reference: tests if the given method is caller sensitive and the declaring class is defined by either the bootstrap class loader or extension class loader .
Candidate: tests this method a caller sensitive override this method

Sample 8458:
Reference: compute the changes that would be required to replace the old ports of this switch with the new ports
Candidate: compute the changes that would be required to replace the old ports of this migration with the new ports

Sample 8459:
Reference: creates a new motifoptionpaneui instance .
Candidate: creates a new ui for the given component .

Sample 8460:
Reference: reads the next token from the given offset .
Candidate: reads the next token from the given offset .

Sample 8461:
Reference: sets the doc to use for updates when a script is not specified .
Candidate: sets the doc to use for updates when a script is not specified .

Sample 8462:
Reference: if given packagememberannotation is non null return its sourcelineannotation .
Candidate: override the <UNK> source code to use the <UNK> of annotations .

Sample 8463:
Reference: the main method for ldapmodify tool .
Candidate: the main method for <UNK> the response .

Sample 8464:
Reference: gets the location where the drop action occurred .
Candidate: extract the drop zone location in the the current drop distributed

Sample 8465:
Reference: round to the nearest whole unit of this field favoring the ceiling if halfway .
Candidate: round to the nearest whole unit of the field favoring the ceiling if halfway .

Sample 8466:
Reference: removes the object at the top of this stack and returns it .
Candidate: remove the top element from the stack and returns it .

Sample 8467:
Reference: returns whether execute access is granted for a specific permission .
Candidate: returns whether the specified permission is granted for this group .

Sample 8468:
Reference: adds a new preference entry filled when initialized
Candidate: adds a preference to be set to the database .

Sample 8469:
Reference: reloads the value from the preference and updates the summary with that value .
Candidate: reading the system by reading the value from the preferences from the given preferences .

Sample 8470:
Reference: adds the tab id at the given index .
Candidate: adds the tab id at the given index .

Sample 8471:
Reference: obtains the sine of this angle .
Candidate: obtains the sine of this angle .

Sample 8472:
Reference: qualified access for wildcard types .
Candidate: creates a new checker instance for this <UNK> .

Sample 8473:
Reference: removes the receiver and all its children from the mapping table .
Candidate: removes the receiver and all its children from the mapping table .

Sample 8474:
Reference: returns whether the store contains referenced container .
Candidate: checks whether the cache contains a value for the given key .

Sample 8475:
Reference: re opens the half open circuit again .
Candidate: re opens the half circuit control the circuit representing the provided <UNK> of circuit .

Sample 8476:
Reference: returns a copy of the given descriptor that has no reference to the original object
Candidate: creates a new instance of the <UNK> field .

Sample 8477:
Reference: delete an entity from odata web service .
Candidate: deletes a delete operation from the specified odata repository .

Sample 8478:
Reference: returns a new started daemon thread running the given runnable .
Candidate: returns a new started daemon thread running the given runnable started .

Sample 8479:
Reference: notifies all waiting threads that the last byte of data has been received .
Candidate: notifies all waiting threads that the last byte of data has been received .

Sample 8480:
Reference: called to notify that an inventory query operation completed .
Candidate: called to notify that an inventory query operation completed .

Sample 8481:
Reference: queries for a provider .
Candidate: queries for a provider .

Sample 8482:
Reference: performs any checking that may be required before subentry modify operation .
Candidate: checks that the provided key change is required to modify the provided dn .

Sample 8483:
Reference: indicates whether the value specified is supported .
Candidate: indicates whether the value specified is supported .

Sample 8484:
Reference: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .
Candidate: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .

Sample 8485:
Reference: returns a spaniterator that is the argument iterator filtered by this region .
Candidate: returns a iterator that will span the same contents as the passed source .

Sample 8486:
Reference: invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
Candidate: invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .

Sample 8487:
Reference: returns a matcher which matches the comma character .
Candidate: returns a matcher which matches the comma character .

Sample 8488:
Reference: append a new name segment to the accumulated multipart name
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> name of the <UNK> property if needed .

Sample 8489:
Reference: removes the last visited entry from the cache .
Candidate: called method is called via reflection from the database .

Sample 8490:
Reference: sets local batch size for atomic sequence .
Candidate: re necessary necessary for batch elements .

Sample 8491:
Reference: is template relevant for fifo blocking in initial search ?
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> template is allowed to use .

Sample 8492:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8493:
Reference: save the broadcast stream as a file .
Candidate: saves the specified path to the directory for the file to to file or not .

Sample 8494:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8495:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8496:
Reference: enter this state .
Candidate: enter this state .

Sample 8497:
Reference: send the message to set the state of functions f f f f .
Candidate: send the message to set the state of functions f f f f and f

Sample 8498:
Reference: accepts a target visitor .
Candidate: accept a target declaration for the given visitor method .

Sample 8499:
Reference: insert a record in the database .
Candidate: insert a new entry onto the map entries entries for the key and values .

Sample 8500:
Reference: used when the initialization is done .
Candidate: used when the initialization is done .

Sample 8501:
Reference: resets all internal state kept for salsa to enable reuse .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> request to clear the total number of clubs for the next request .

Sample 8502:
Reference: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .

Sample 8503:
Reference: validates a set of values .
Candidate: validates the provided <UNK> against a <UNK> of the organization .

Sample 8504:
Reference: a hashtable of all common english words .
Candidate: check if the given string is a word word or .

Sample 8505:
Reference: reject message callback from satoshi node
Candidate: reject message callback from satoshi node

Sample 8506:
Reference: remove script folder with sshscript and sshkey
Candidate: remove script folder with <UNK> and and <UNK>

Sample 8507:
Reference: removes the repetition number for the given node .
Candidate: removes a <UNK> node whose id is added to the beginning .

Sample 8508:
Reference: gets whether the queue is empty .
Candidate: whether the priority queue is empty worst case is o

Sample 8509:
Reference: paint the arrow in pressed state .
Candidate: paint the foreground window to the state .

Sample 8510:
Reference: to be called when a member changes a value that makes a difference in drawing it .
Candidate: notify this member to to check if this attribute has been changed .

Sample 8511:
Reference: returns the object instance of i
Candidate: returns the long instance of i

Sample 8512:
Reference: coverts given doubles array to array of ints .
Candidate: coverts given doubles array to array of doubles .

Sample 8513:
Reference: execute an sql query on a connection
Candidate: execute a sql statement to the database and creates a new instance .

Sample 8514:
Reference: add a saturation value bar to the color wheel .
Candidate: add a saturation value bar to the color wheel .

Sample 8515:
Reference: should a header row be displayed above all other rows ?
Candidate: indicates if the row exists and row header .

Sample 8516:
Reference: resets all the fields of this player .
Candidate: initialize the audio state when it is ready to be paused .

Sample 8517:
Reference: returns the measure for the best model
Candidate: returns the estimated value of the <UNK> flow .

Sample 8518:
Reference: destroy all of the components created for the default setup .
Candidate: clean a default setup of the message to see if we are not running .

Sample 8519:
Reference: add a list of songs to the end of the queue
Candidate: add a list to the end of the current list

Sample 8520:
Reference: returns the import qualified id if the given import requires an import statement to be printed .
Candidate: returns a alias to import to it if it refers to a new import .

Sample 8521:
Reference: string describing default classifier .
Candidate: string describing default classifier .

Sample 8522:
Reference: returns a single entry search request for the given entry dn and attributes .
Candidate: returns a single entry search request for the given entry dn and attributes .

Sample 8523:
Reference: returns the vector length of the double d
Candidate: returns the square of the length of the mutabledouble d .

Sample 8524:
Reference: check if lock is held .
Candidate: check for the minimum lock if it doesn t then re initializes the lock .

Sample 8525:
Reference: returns the location uri of this input port .
Candidate: creates a new path for this loader .

Sample 8526:
Reference: searches for groups in this organization using wildcards and attribute values .
Candidate: searches for groups in this group using wildcards .

Sample 8527:
Reference: apply the right half of a window of the specified type to the data .
Candidate: applies a <UNK> to the specified number of <UNK> points to the right .

Sample 8528:
Reference: called once the operation has been completed successfully .
Candidate: called once the upload has been completed successfully .

Sample 8529:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8530:
Reference: used to determine ambient occlusion and culling when rebuilding chunks for render
Candidate: used to determine ambient occlusion and culling when rebuilding chunks for render

Sample 8531:
Reference: returns the length of the array .
Candidate: returns the length of the <UNK> buffer .

Sample 8532:
Reference: this method combines a list of strings with an existing query tree .
Candidate: combine the query query returned by a <UNK> and returns the result of .

Sample 8533:
Reference: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .
Candidate: always returns false since this state machine can never become final .

Sample 8534:
Reference: set the serializer for this message when deserialized by java .
Candidate: this method is called after deserialization .

Sample 8535:
Reference: writes the host name contents .
Candidate: writes the validity of all historical data in with what is specified in the provided serverdescriptor object .

Sample 8536:
Reference: returns whether the receiver is empty .
Candidate: returns true if body is empty .

Sample 8537:
Reference: gets the value of the ispassive property .
Candidate: gets the value of the ispassive property .

Sample 8538:
Reference: returns the number of elements in the heap .
Candidate: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .

Sample 8539:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns true if this is a not regexp or false if just a regexp

Sample 8540:
Reference: see if the handler is displaying labels at a global level .
Candidate: indicates whether this event should be visible to the properties dimension .

Sample 8541:
Reference: bring up the context menu for this view .
Candidate: attempts to bring the context menu for this view that is immediately adjacent to the current view

Sample 8542:
Reference: logs the specified status
Candidate: logs the specified status

Sample 8543:
Reference: writes the idl abstract interface type to the output stream .
Candidate: writes a <UNK> object to the end of the supervised objects .

Sample 8544:
Reference: build the map of monitor objects .
Candidate: builds the key map to store the keys of id .

Sample 8545:
Reference: you removed abnormal physical conditions by using skillname .
Candidate: you dispelled the magical buffs by using skillname .

Sample 8546:
Reference: resets the from and to labels .
Candidate: reset the x flag to reflect the existing attribute of view .

Sample 8547:
Reference: helper method to get all type variables instances used in a type
Candidate: get all type instances for the internal type type

Sample 8548:
Reference: removes the given object from this hashmap unsupported .
Candidate: unsupported an optional use .

Sample 8549:
Reference: return list of boxed bytes as a primitive array .
Candidate: return the byte as a byte byte array

Sample 8550:
Reference: removes a node and any connections that node has node can be a transport entry or exit
Candidate: removes a <UNK> from this node .

Sample 8551:
Reference: returns the user to the paymentproduction selectionscreen called when clicking the cancel button
Candidate: the back method to use the screen to display the logic .

Sample 8552:
Reference: this method return the last fetch time of the crawldatum
Candidate: calculates last fetch time of the given crawldatum .

Sample 8553:
Reference: returns whether the indexed column is nullable .
Candidate: returns whether the indexed column is nullable .

Sample 8554:
Reference: fills the specified range in the array with the specified element .
Candidate: fills the specified range in the array with the specified element .

Sample 8555:
Reference: returns true if the specified value fits in between the provided min and max bounds false if not .
Candidate: returns true if the specified value fits in between the provided min and max bounds false if not .

Sample 8556:
Reference: dump values of local variables fields and method arguments of the current frame .
Candidate: get the current frame .

Sample 8557:
Reference: cancel a pending connect task if any .
Candidate: cancel a pending connect task if any .

Sample 8558:
Reference: put all the entries from the given map into this map .
Candidate: put all elements from the specified map into this map .

Sample 8559:
Reference: document is waiting payment or confirmation
Candidate: is wait until more topics are waiting

Sample 8560:
Reference: reads changes from preferences and updates the view .
Candidate: refreshes the authentication token for a new account .

Sample 8561:
Reference: helper method for testing .
Candidate: returns the height of the tree .

Sample 8562:
Reference: equivalent to read buffer buffer . length .
Candidate: equivalent to read buffer buffer . length .

Sample 8563:
Reference: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .
Candidate: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .

Sample 8564:
Reference: called when the rocket attempts to link to the block
Candidate: called if the url has a <UNK> book to the <UNK>

Sample 8565:
Reference: returns a string promise create a blocking promise .
Candidate: returns a string promise added a blocking promise .

Sample 8566:
Reference: indicates whether the map contains at least one listener to be notified .
Candidate: indicates if the map has at least one listener to be notified .

Sample 8567:
Reference: finds the widget on the current menu who s name matches the argument and then redraws all ui elements and their children for this widget
Candidate: re ui the ui elements on the current menu

Sample 8568:
Reference: create a list as a union of a list and an iterable .
Candidate: creates a new iterable and a union of a iterable .

Sample 8569:
Reference: drain any buffered data in objectoutputstream .
Candidate: drain any buffered data in objectoutputstream .

Sample 8570:
Reference: queries if the write lock is held by the current thread .
Candidate: determines whether or not the running thread is running on the current thread .

Sample 8571:
Reference: returns a string representation
Candidate: returns a string representation of the element .

Sample 8572:
Reference: ensure that the given dbids are array indexable .
Candidate: creates an array of elements objects with the specified array .

Sample 8573:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 8574:
Reference: default is true if the entity is an entityliving in jumping or sprinting state .
Candidate: default is true if the entity is an entityliving in jumping or sprinting state .

Sample 8575:
Reference: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the button panel .
Candidate: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the button panel .

Sample 8576:
Reference: initializes the population using a procedure attempting to create a uniform distribution of weights .
Candidate: initializes the population with the given dimensions number .

Sample 8577:
Reference: finds run mode by name
Candidate: finds run mode by name

Sample 8578:
Reference: is this array a sparsearray ?
Candidate: overrides issparse in array and always returns true .

Sample 8579:
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .

Sample 8580:
Reference: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in the given local variable .
Candidate: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in the given local variable .

Sample 8581:
Reference: invokes the corresponding service method to delete a service review .
Candidate: removes the mails from the review .

Sample 8582:
Reference: handles errors which occurred during observing network connectivity
Candidate: invoked when an error occurs .

Sample 8583:
Reference: heuristic check for multipart requests .
Candidate: checks if the given type is a to keep the mime type .

Sample 8584:
Reference: a filer for a field based on several terms matching on any of them .
Candidate: a filer for a field based on several terms matching on any of them .

Sample 8585:
Reference: report an error that symbol cannot be referenced before super has been called .
Candidate: report an error that symbol cannot be referenced before super has been called .

Sample 8586:
Reference: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 8587:
Reference: calculates the weighted by class size true negative rate .
Candidate: returns the weighted percentage of value for the <UNK> rate .

Sample 8588:
Reference: checks if is pollable .
Candidate: checks if is pollable .

Sample 8589:
Reference: this method stops fragment injection in malicious applications .
Candidate: this method stops fragment injection in malicious applications .

Sample 8590:
Reference: post the statuslight to the light by local
Candidate: execute the statuslight to the light by local activity

Sample 8591:
Reference: returns string representation of the service s name and version .
Candidate: returns a string string .

Sample 8592:
Reference: if the condition is true returns .
Candidate: logs a message that was suspended with the current error .

Sample 8593:
Reference: removes the logging content .
Candidate: removes the logging content .

Sample 8594:
Reference: find the range of items that are equal according to the given predicate .
Candidate: perform a new <UNK> based on the range of the two words .

Sample 8595:
Reference: handles a context menu that is hidden .
Candidate: called when the element has hidden in response to an auto hide event .

Sample 8596:
Reference: this function is created for enable disable invite to alliance .
Candidate: this function can be used to enable disable invite .

Sample 8597:
Reference: find or create the speaker with the name .
Candidate: create a new discover speaker with the given name and

Sample 8598:
Reference: installs this ui to the given text component .
Candidate: installs this ui to the given text component .

Sample 8599:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the step over button .
Candidate: called when the user clicks on the wizard .

Sample 8600:
Reference: apply the preview color .
Candidate: apply the tint color to the given color menu

Sample 8601:
Reference: write a message with trace level error to the trace system .
Candidate: write a message with trace level error to the trace system .

Sample 8602:
Reference: prepare a set of queries to compute the domain hierarchy li group the dimension by root hierarchy li optimize the select complexity if possible
Candidate: prepares the query variables and compares the query for the <UNK> .

Sample 8603:
Reference: remove a list of id s from the index
Candidate: remove a set of key from the cache .

Sample 8604:
Reference: multiply histogram by scalar .
Candidate: multiplies the histogram by scalar .

Sample 8605:
Reference: creates a new empty table with the given initial capacities for its array and hash parts .
Candidate: returns a new table table with given value .

Sample 8606:
Reference: compress the buffer into the byte buffer .
Candidate: compress the internal byte the the input stream .

Sample 8607:
Reference: check if the group has at least one resource of some type .
Candidate: tell whether the resource type already a resource type . the given type .

Sample 8608:
Reference: instruct the thread to stop masking
Candidate: instruct the thread to stop masking .

Sample 8609:
Reference: outputs the number of rules in the classifier .
Candidate: how many rules are there used in the rules array

Sample 8610:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 8611:
Reference: adds the string gap param to a low range endpoint value to determine the corrisponding high range endpoint value throwing a useful exception if not possible .
Candidate: adds the string gap param to a low range endpoint value to determine the corrisponding high range endpoint value throwing a useful exception if not possible .

Sample 8612:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented learner instance for the <UNK> .

Sample 8613:
Reference: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .
Candidate: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .

Sample 8614:
Reference: get a connected client connector .
Candidate: get a connector client connector .

Sample 8615:
Reference: gets the number of fields that this partial supports .
Candidate: returns the number of fields in this iterable .

Sample 8616:
Reference: socket is already connected
Candidate: socket is already connected

Sample 8617:
Reference: sets the debug mode parameter
Candidate: shows extra information on the simulation .

Sample 8618:
Reference: informs all registered listeners that the final phase post iterations has been completed .
Candidate: fire an event listeners that the event occurred prior to the main iteration loop .

Sample 8619:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8620:
Reference: gets a list of all keys used in this nsdictionary .
Candidate: gets a list of all keys used in this nsdictionary .

Sample 8621:
Reference: emit code to implement the lrem bytecode
Candidate: <UNK> code to implement the <UNK> to

Sample 8622:
Reference: generate a vector for each time step containing the past k states of the destination and the current state .
Candidate: make the distance vector p returns the distance vector for each step of the k states .

Sample 8623:
Reference: add placeholder to set
Candidate: register a single array of all the the the faces tree to be placed in the specified window .

Sample 8624:
Reference: specify a security attributes for events .
Candidate: specify a security attributes for transitions .

Sample 8625:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates if a variable variable is to the same type .

Sample 8626:
Reference: compares this map with another map for equality of their stored entries .
Candidate: compares this map with another map for equality of their stored entries .

Sample 8627:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8628:
Reference: gets the value of the issuerserialmatch property .
Candidate: gets the value of the sasl configuration property .

Sample 8629:
Reference: removes a single instance of the specified element from this queue if it is present whether or not it has expired .
Candidate: removes a single instance of the specified element from this queue if it is present whether or not it has expired .

Sample 8630:
Reference: retrieves whether this database treats mixed case unquoted sql identifiers as case insensitive and stores them in upper case .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database treats mixed case unquoted sql identifiers as case insensitive and stores them in upper case .

Sample 8631:
Reference: get leaves forward to next year .
Candidate: leaves leaves any leaves to next year .

Sample 8632:
Reference: adds the callback function that will be called at different stages of the layout cylce .
Candidate: adds the callback function that will be called at different stages of the layout cylce .

Sample 8633:
Reference: append an element to the dims list .
Candidate: append a list to the choices list of this list .

Sample 8634:
Reference: retrieves attribute from the request .
Candidate: iterate the specified element

Sample 8635:
Reference: this method checks compliance with the color restrictions imposed by the available color spaces in the document .
Candidate: check if a color should be concluded a color matrix using the type of color parameters .

Sample 8636:
Reference: if database already contains a file stored with the given filename update the file stored .
Candidate: put the given object into the database .

Sample 8637:
Reference: renders a string in the centre of the screen
Candidate: draw the <UNK> string onto the x y axis .

Sample 8638:
Reference: creates an open index request .
Candidate: convenience method for finding an index request to a cache request .

Sample 8639:
Reference: this method can be used to analyze an http request and obtain various key details about it .
Candidate: this method can be used to analyze an http request and obtain various key details about it .

Sample 8640:
Reference: put all the entries from the given map into this map .
Candidate: put all elements from the specified map to this map .

Sample 8641:
Reference: returns a new byte array containing the bytes corresponding to the given characters encoded in utf .
Candidate: returns a new byte array containing the bytes corresponding to the given characters encoded in utf .

Sample 8642:
Reference: registers the metadata for this element .
Candidate: registers the metadata for this element .

Sample 8643:
Reference: copies area of one image into another pimage object .
Candidate: copies values of src image into another pimage object .

Sample 8644:
Reference: applies patch to current document state .
Candidate: applies patch to current document state .

Sample 8645:
Reference: closes this audio input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .
Candidate: closes the file input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .

Sample 8646:
Reference: add a new offer card in the acceptedofferbinder .
Candidate: add a new offer to the accepted offer .

Sample 8647:
Reference: returns false if image is in initial unzoomed state .
Candidate: returns false if image is in initial unzoomed state .

Sample 8648:
Reference: returns the charset of this media type or null if this media type doesn t specify a charset .
Candidate: returns the charset of this media type or null if this media type doesn t specify a charset .

Sample 8649:
Reference: called when a fragment will be hidden
Candidate: called when the gridview is hidden and hide the animation

Sample 8650:
Reference: returns the distance from this mutabledouble d to the specified point .
Candidate: returns the squared distance this mutableint d to the specified point .

Sample 8651:
Reference: returns true if field bonk is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field bonk is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 8652:
Reference: add size at the global count level .
Candidate: adds the size automatic size to the current size of this .

Sample 8653:
Reference: called when the function or script executes a debugger statement .
Candidate: fired when a debugger statement is executed .

Sample 8654:
Reference: creation destruction of gpucontext and related handles
Candidate: creates a <UNK> context which is the <UNK> context for constructing and <UNK> again .

Sample 8655:
Reference: time uuid is required to ensure index cf and object cf consistency both are updated in single shot all or nothing
Candidate: checks if we have the attempted process of the <UNK> .

Sample 8656:
Reference: the type of given symbol seen as a member of t .
Candidate: the type of given symbol seen as a member of t .

Sample 8657:
Reference: returns the default gaussian noise rate
Candidate: returns the default noise rate

Sample 8658:
Reference: fetch a script from network if needed or from local file system
Candidate: load a url from network url or internet

Sample 8659:
Reference: execute a dml statement .
Candidate: execute the this this statement

Sample 8660:
Reference: returns an enumeration describing the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration describing the available options .

Sample 8661:
Reference: verify that the stderr contents of output buffer contains the string
Candidate: verify the stderr showing of the buffer and use the string

Sample 8662:
Reference: this method is fired when the tab closes .
Candidate: this method is fired when the request closes .

Sample 8663:
Reference: true if this iterator has a reversed axis .
Candidate: true if this iterator has a reversed axis .

Sample 8664:
Reference: returns true if xmpp carbons are supported by the server .
Candidate: returns true if the specified user is supported .

Sample 8665:
Reference: create a formatted date
Candidate: create date formatted string

Sample 8666:
Reference: returns the enabled state of the pan on at least one axis .
Candidate: returns the enabled state of the pan on at least one axis .

Sample 8667:
Reference: checks a set of permissions provided by a guild against required permissions and a user s role hierarchy position .
Candidate: checks a set of permissions provided by a guild against required permissions and a user s role hierarchy .

Sample 8668:
Reference: begin monitoring the packagemanager to see if it completes installing the package .
Candidate: begin monitoring the packagemanager to see if it completes installing the package .

Sample 8669:
Reference: write a text in the response .
Candidate: write a text in the response .

Sample 8670:
Reference: remove the prepress detection timer .
Candidate: removes an view from the view hierarchy .

Sample 8671:
Reference: write a raster in the response .
Candidate: write a raster in the response .

Sample 8672:
Reference: adds a new preference to this node using the given key and value or updates the value if a preference with the given key already exists .
Candidate: adds a new to this node using the given expiry time .

Sample 8673:
Reference: return to previous point
Candidate: go to the previous <UNK> of the <UNK> back to a successful state .

Sample 8674:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 8675:
Reference: create an annotation tree from an attribute .
Candidate: create an annotation tree from an attribute .

Sample 8676:
Reference: determine if the given type is assignable from the given value assuming setting by reflection .
Candidate: determine if the given type is assignable from the given value assuming setting by reflection .

Sample 8677:
Reference: invoked by read to initiate the i o operation .
Candidate: calculate the read stream of the read method for the the read block .

Sample 8678:
Reference: asserts that obj is an instance of cls
Candidate: asserts that actual class is an actual json .

Sample 8679:
Reference: some benchmarks seem to indicate that altgetbits is faster than getbits for smaller byte counts .
Candidate: utility method to read the number of bytes in a byte array of integers .

Sample 8680:
Reference: this adds the given tuple to the datamap
Candidate: add a <UNK> to the <UNK> key .

Sample 8681:
Reference: a simple driver program that prints output literals file format .
Candidate: main method to run members .

Sample 8682:
Reference: load internal data structures and remain waiting for synchronization to complete .
Candidate: load the <UNK> cache which will be used to load the latest state .

Sample 8683:
Reference: id of the community that owns the discussion board .
Candidate: id of the community that owns the discussion board .

Sample 8684:
Reference: fired if a process is started .
Candidate: indicates the process that a launch process .

Sample 8685:
Reference: get the millis of second property
Candidate: get the millis of second property which provides access to advanced functionality .

Sample 8686:
Reference: reads the configuration file .
Candidate: initializes the code block and clears the <UNK> to .

Sample 8687:
Reference: return an unmodifiable list of the enabled and disabled method entry requests .
Candidate: get the list of requests that should be used for the sandbox .

Sample 8688:
Reference: please update your code to use copysign
Candidate: return <UNK> of geo coordinates with a of coordinate nan or negative .

Sample 8689:
Reference: called whenever the mouse is moved during a drag operation .
Candidate: called whenever the mouse is moved during a drag operation .

Sample 8690:
Reference: coverts given floats array to array of chars .
Candidate: coverts given floats array to array of chars .

Sample 8691:
Reference: closes the dialog returning only the title .
Candidate: sets the title to the logs button .

Sample 8692:
Reference: release of this slholder resource
Candidate: releases any associated resources .

Sample 8693:
Reference: compute this a .
Candidate: compute this a .

Sample 8694:
Reference: ruft den wert der remoteuserhandling eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: ruft den wert der remoteuserhandling eigenschaft ab .

Sample 8695:
Reference: see if value present
Candidate: see if value present

Sample 8696:
Reference: close writer without a exception
Candidate: close <UNK> without a exception

Sample 8697:
Reference: returns a string describing this coder result .
Candidate: returns a string describing this coder result .

Sample 8698:
Reference: registers instance of guicomponents .
Candidate: registers a component instance to a component of this component .

Sample 8699:
Reference: returns whether the given flags includes the static modifier .
Candidate: returns whether the given flags includes the static modifier .

Sample 8700:
Reference: indicates if downloading finished or didn t .
Candidate: returns whether if the <UNK> is already running and return the <UNK> .

Sample 8701:
Reference: create an instance of audiencerestrictiontype
Candidate: create an instance of weekyear

Sample 8702:
Reference: used to find strings and their ilk finds the next non escaped char
Candidate: find the next char in the given code in

Sample 8703:
Reference: notes that we got a response from a given member of the distributed system .
Candidate: make a response s response message to be removed from the server .

Sample 8704:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 8705:
Reference: makes sure the modeltoview array is of size rowcount .
Candidate: makes sure the modeltoview array is of size rowcount .

Sample 8706:
Reference: returns true if the specified arguments are equal or both null .
Candidate: tests for equality coping with nulls .

Sample 8707:
Reference: remove the value with the supplied key
Candidate: remove the supplied key from the map if it is present .

Sample 8708:
Reference: returns a query expression that represents a greater than constraint on two values .
Candidate: returns a query expression that represents a greater than constraint on two values .

Sample 8709:
Reference: sets the parameter object for the given model class to the given object .
Candidate: overrides a particular class in the configuration file .

Sample 8710:
Reference: drops analytics and and temporary analytics tables between and .
Candidate: drop db schema for the model .

Sample 8711:
Reference: creates a new bind client which can be used to perform the authentication process .
Candidate: creates a new client connect to the client server using the given name .

Sample 8712:
Reference: make a collection of threads runnable clearing the source collection .
Candidate: make a collection of participants in a mock collection so we are being blocked .

Sample 8713:
Reference: sends instrumentation tap event to all registered listeners
Candidate: sends instrumentation tap event to all registered listeners

Sample 8714:
Reference: clean up after a set of iterations .
Candidate: optional method that should be called after runnable is finished .

Sample 8715:
Reference: checks if a biome may be set .
Candidate: checks if a biome type may be set .

Sample 8716:
Reference: cas tail field .
Candidate: cas tail field .

Sample 8717:
Reference: pause button click handler
Candidate: called when un stop <UNK> when the user is pause .

Sample 8718:
Reference: verifies a password against an argon i encoded string .
Candidate: returns a password against the argon d string string .

Sample 8719:
Reference: parse a string value to the required type
Candidate: parse a string value to the required type

Sample 8720:
Reference: handles add device request .
Candidate: forwards request to creation request bean .

Sample 8721:
Reference: returns a string representation of this entry .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this entry .

Sample 8722:
Reference: no fatal output will be done if index doesn t match .
Candidate: returns true if the given task has the index <UNK> failed .

Sample 8723:
Reference: seeks to the beginning of the given xz block .
Candidate: selects the block uncompressed block as a block number of the content buffer .

Sample 8724:
Reference: is called to populate the popupbubble
Candidate: the method is called at the first item the provided key .

Sample 8725:
Reference: create an immutable array .
Candidate: creates an array with a key .

Sample 8726:
Reference: reroutes the section after fromroutestop via the given vialinkid
Candidate: reroutes the section after fromroutestop via the given vialinkid

Sample 8727:
Reference: returns the distance from this double d to the specified point .
Candidate: returns the squared distance this mutableint d to the specified point .

Sample 8728:
Reference: find all attributes in given group that allow to have several attributes
Candidate: get the attributes of the attributes that belong to the given code .

Sample 8729:
Reference: add listeners to the components of the dialog .
Candidate: adds a listener to the servlet container .

Sample 8730:
Reference: remove a data field from this table
Candidate: remove a data field from this table

Sample 8731:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 8732:
Reference: deletes the given public key .
Candidate: deletes the given key public .

Sample 8733:
Reference: return a workflow . method for untagvolumes .
Candidate: return workflow method to the <UNK> method method for <UNK> .

Sample 8734:
Reference: handles the log button click
Candidate: handles the log button click

Sample 8735:
Reference: removes the specified drawable from the overlay .
Candidate: removes the specified component from the overlay .

Sample 8736:
Reference: look up the bits base encoded by the specified character range checking againt conversion table
Candidate: look up the bits base encoded by the specified character range checking againt conversion table

Sample 8737:
Reference: reads a signed short value in the given byte array .
Candidate: reads a signed short value in the given byte array .

Sample 8738:
Reference: visit this tree with a given visitor .
Candidate: visitor to dispatch an abstract stream with the .

Sample 8739:
Reference: contexts argument yield returns argument argument returns argument constraint spread ? . . . ?
Candidate: contexts disjunction returns the constraint of <UNK> disjunction returns an alternative constraint expr ?

Sample 8740:
Reference: parse svg data from an input stream .
Candidate: parse an input data from an input stream

Sample 8741:
Reference: takes a double and returns the value as a f dot number .
Candidate: translates double to extract a double .

Sample 8742:
Reference: check if the value of the current row is null .
Candidate: returns true if the value at the given index is null false otherwise

Sample 8743:
Reference: notifies the parent list that this item has changed .
Candidate: notifies the parent list that the item has changed .

Sample 8744:
Reference: creates a new bot and an application for this bot .
Candidate: creates a new bot and an existing bot .

Sample 8745:
Reference: marks the given folder as a sub project .
Candidate: marks the given project as a to the project .

Sample 8746:
Reference: returns the result of calling the compareto method on lowercased nicks .
Candidate: returns the if this object represented by this user object is the same as the of this user .

Sample 8747:
Reference: called if a transaction is included into a block
Candidate: creates a transaction for only valid for transaction only if they are valid .

Sample 8748:
Reference: return whether or not the holder s certificate contains extensions .
Candidate: return whether or not the holder s certificate contains extensions .

Sample 8749:
Reference: tell if one object is greater than or equal to the other .
Candidate: tell if one object is greater than or equal to the other .

Sample 8750:
Reference: drops a single entry .
Candidate: remove the indexes from the given index .

Sample 8751:
Reference: sort a dimensional array based on columns data in either ascending or descending order .
Candidate: sorts the passed array using a comparable order using the natural order sort order .

Sample 8752:
Reference: finds a java vm in the eclipse vm registry or registers a new one if none was available with the selected version .
Candidate: finds a previously loaded version number for the specified jdk .

Sample 8753:
Reference: try to mark all queued group chat messages and group file transfers corresponding to contact as failed
Candidate: try to forward a group chat messages and the chat messages

Sample 8754:
Reference: if appropriate let the binder middleware settle down a bit while binding unbinding actually happens .
Candidate: called when the operation is attempted to avoid the fractional requests .

Sample 8755:
Reference: hide all other states and show content
Candidate: hide all other states and show content

Sample 8756:
Reference: convert pixels to dp using the device screen density
Candidate: converts a dp value along to pixel density

Sample 8757:
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll .
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll .

Sample 8758:
Reference: forces an account creation
Candidate: forces an account creation

Sample 8759:
Reference: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream removing prior exif tags .
Candidate: writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream removing prior exif tags .

Sample 8760:
Reference: dump one . dot files for each method summary .
Candidate: dump one . dot files for each method summary .

Sample 8761:
Reference: flush the contents of the buffer to the output stream and return the reset buffer index
Candidate: flush the contents of the buffer to the output stream and return the reset buffer index

Sample 8762:
Reference: set up all of the other objects to operate with a locobuffer connected to this port .
Candidate: set up all of the other objects to operate with a ms connected to this port

Sample 8763:
Reference: creates a retryable function .
Candidate: weakened a retryable function .

Sample 8764:
Reference: collect an map . entry stream into a map using the specified map supplier .
Candidate: collect an <UNK> an entry map into the given map and the given map .

Sample 8765:
Reference: iterates all identity constraints in all the schemas .
Candidate: get an iterator over all the tables in the lattice .

Sample 8766:
Reference: internal routine to handle a timeout
Candidate: internal routine to handle a timeout

Sample 8767:
Reference: base decode the given byte array from an utf string .
Candidate: provides the internal input to to a string string .

Sample 8768:
Reference: try to find the given property in the shape .
Candidate: try to find the given property in the shape .

Sample 8769:
Reference: see readobject and writeobject in jcomponent for more information about serialization in swing .
Candidate: see readobject and writeobject in jcomponent for more information about serialization in swing .

Sample 8770:
Reference: closes the menu and shows the above view .
Candidate: closes the menu and shows the above view .

Sample 8771:
Reference: populates the script object with the necessary values and references .
Candidate: populates the script object with the necessary values and references .

Sample 8772:
Reference: scales view by specified scalex scaley with animation
Candidate: scale the the canvas by scale on the specified scale .

Sample 8773:
Reference: invokes after single sign on processing failed .
Candidate: invokes after single sign on processing failed .

Sample 8774:
Reference: answers an id which is used to distinguish project entries during package fragment root computations
Candidate: answers an id which is used to distinguish project entries during package fragment root computations

Sample 8775:
Reference: return the number of values in a gts instance .
Candidate: returns the plural amount of the bits in by the given value by time .

Sample 8776:
Reference: the operation to perform when this action is triggered .
Candidate: the operation to perform when perform action to triggered .

Sample 8777:
Reference: log the details of an outgoing call .
Candidate: logs the given message to a remote client .

Sample 8778:
Reference: adds a start element tag with attributes .
Candidate: adds a start element tag .

Sample 8779:
Reference: starts a purge job on table
Candidate: this method deletes the table for a given shard

Sample 8780:
Reference: return true if this text run represents an alt glyph .
Candidate: returns true if this text run represents an alt glyph .

Sample 8781:
Reference: calculates the height of a rectangle given the left and right edges and an aspect ratio .
Candidate: calculates the height of a rectangle given the left and right edges and an aspect ratio .

Sample 8782:
Reference: returns whether it has the rating scale s minimum value .
Candidate: returns whether it setting is configured to

Sample 8783:
Reference: is this player looking for an event
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is moved to the <UNK> or not .

Sample 8784:
Reference: forward a dcc pcreply to all registered dcc pcinterface listeners .
Candidate: forward a reply to all registered serialinterface listeners .

Sample 8785:
Reference: calculates the x coordinate of the right edge given the other sides of the rectangle and an aspect ratio .
Candidate: calculates the x coordinate of the right edge given the other sides of the rectangle and an aspect ratio .

Sample 8786:
Reference: adds the given annotation .
Candidate: add the annotation annotation and annotation wrap the old annotations . the old annotations .

Sample 8787:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 8788:
Reference: gets called when the ip addresses of the controller nodes in the controller cluster change .
Candidate: gets called when the ip addresses of the controller nodes in the controller cluster change .

Sample 8789:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8790:
Reference: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .
Candidate: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .

Sample 8791:
Reference: this method comes with jdk . replace here for . compatibility .
Candidate: this method comes with jdk . replace here for . compatibility .

Sample 8792:
Reference: package private helper method for descriptor . equals methods .
Candidate: helper method helper for descriptor . equals methods .

Sample 8793:
Reference: clear any existing session .
Candidate: clears the session marking the user status of the credentials .

Sample 8794:
Reference: returns the filled boolean .
Candidate: returns the filled boolean .

Sample 8795:
Reference: close a jms message listener .
Candidate: close a jms message listener .

Sample 8796:
Reference: consumes the next token from the json stream and asserts that it is a literal null .
Candidate: consumes the next token from the json stream and asserts that it is a literal null .

Sample 8797:
Reference: closes the file or the database connection .
Candidate: closes this writer .

Sample 8798:
Reference: revert fields java name for current pojo to initial value .
Candidate: set the fields to the logical property .

Sample 8799:
Reference: begin subscribing to urls broadcasted from ble beacons .
Candidate: subscribe to a process . listening information .

Sample 8800:
Reference: transforms a linear equation system describing linear dependencies derived on the normalized space into a linear equation system describing linear dependencies quantitatively adapted to the original space .
Candidate: transforms the <UNK> matrix to the system lines of the given shape .

Sample 8801:
Reference: saves label to storage for the given experiment id .
Candidate: adds a label to a set of the labels for the given label .

Sample 8802:
Reference: logs in the current user natively .
Candidate: <UNK> notifying the <UNK> that this method will be called to <UNK> .

Sample 8803:
Reference: for support of literal objects in xpaths .
Candidate: for support of literal objects in xpaths .

Sample 8804:
Reference: test the image generator .
Candidate: main the command line utility for this object .

Sample 8805:
Reference: check if permission granted boolean .
Candidate: check if the given permission is granted to access control .

Sample 8806:
Reference: instructs the printer to emit a numeric weekyear field .
Candidate: instructs the printer to emit a numeric year field .

Sample 8807:
Reference: true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
Candidate: true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .

Sample 8808:
Reference: notifies that the user refused to sign in e . g .
Candidate: notifies that the user refused to sign in e . g .

Sample 8809:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: indicate that the current compilation is about .

Sample 8810:
Reference: returns a new reminderentry with the specified minutes and method .
Candidate: returns a <UNK> with the specified number of instantiators and returns a number of <UNK> .

Sample 8811:
Reference: remove tray icon if applicable .
Candidate: clean up to disable up and tab if enabled .

Sample 8812:
Reference: enable disable the joint motor .
Candidate: enable disable the joint motor .

Sample 8813:
Reference: sets the horizontal gap before the component .
Candidate: sets the horizontal gap before the component .

Sample 8814:
Reference: returns the array with endpoints .
Candidate: returns the websocket endpoint of this addresses .

Sample 8815:
Reference: displays the autohide component for a maximum of forcehideafterms
Candidate: displays the autohide component for a maximum of forcehideafterms

Sample 8816:
Reference: perform a http put request without any parameters .
Candidate: perform a http put request without any parameters .

Sample 8817:
Reference: check if the result is always false .
Candidate: check if the result is always false .

Sample 8818:
Reference: reads string data from a reader
Candidate: reads a reader with the given reader as a string .

Sample 8819:
Reference: notify interested clients of the given cache event using the given update message .
Candidate: notify interested clients of the given cache event .

Sample 8820:
Reference: tries to update the notification count
Candidate: tries to update the notification count

Sample 8821:
Reference: if the value is a doc or an enum convert it to a string .
Candidate: convert value to converting any xml as needed as needed .

Sample 8822:
Reference: adds one seriesdataset to the combination .
Candidate: adds an array of seriesdataset s to the combination .

Sample 8823:
Reference: returns whether this event represents a register interest .
Candidate: returns a whether a given reil register is .

Sample 8824:
Reference: handles the new authentication instance request .
Candidate: handles <UNK> to remove all the request bean .

Sample 8825:
Reference: replaces the current set of available templates with the ones specified .
Candidate: replaces the current set of available templates with the ones specified .

Sample 8826:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera driver if still in use .

Sample 8827:
Reference: send a notification via the mconnectivitymonitor when the network connectivity changes .
Candidate: notify the logging user has been added to the user .

Sample 8828:
Reference: add a child cluster .
Candidate: add the child to the cluster

Sample 8829:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8830:
Reference: submits a command request to the cluster .
Candidate: submits a command to the remote queue .

Sample 8831:
Reference: a pattern was detected from the user .
Candidate: a pattern was detected from the user .

Sample 8832:
Reference: returns true if field orderedstructmap is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the accessor is set to preserve all keys .

Sample 8833:
Reference: execute ddl statement and ignore the exception if needed .
Candidate: execute the <UNK> function and execute the statement of some exceptions .

Sample 8834:
Reference: tests if this thread is alive .
Candidate: tests if this thread is alive .

Sample 8835:
Reference: change to in an array of length containing one and the other either or .
Candidate: strips the unsigned int in an array of integers .

Sample 8836:
Reference: this method is called by sdl using jni .
Candidate: this method is called by sdl using jni .

Sample 8837:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 8838:
Reference: compares innermost delegate to the given connection .
Candidate: does the <UNK> handler to use the <UNK> activity or not .

Sample 8839:
Reference: returns the least key in this sorted map .
Candidate: returns the first key in this sorted map .

Sample 8840:
Reference: sets headers that will be added to all requests this client makes before sending .
Candidate: sets headers that will be added to all requests this client makes before sending .

Sample 8841:
Reference: find the prioritized stream of configurations for a given module inclusive of the module itself .
Candidate: convert a order order to the left node of not possible .

Sample 8842:
Reference: do the expensive work of discovering an existing jta transaction only needs to be called at region . entry entry points e . g .
Candidate: process that a virtual machine wants to disable the peers of this <UNK>

Sample 8843:
Reference: equality function specialized for the variable name .
Candidate: equality function specialized for the variable name .

Sample 8844:
Reference: start the http server .
Candidate: starts the server and starts the old server

Sample 8845:
Reference: copies a parentally closed selection of session nodes in the frontmost session editor to the clipboard .
Candidate: copies a parentally closed selection of session nodes in the frontmost session editor to the clipboard .

Sample 8846:
Reference: delete a file ignoring exceptions .
Candidate: if a file or directory is a directory .

Sample 8847:
Reference: determines if there are more dates in the series .
Candidate: indicates whether there is another header element in this iteration .

Sample 8848:
Reference: get the config specifying whether to initialize file directory hierarchy
Candidate: initialize the global file tree using the <UNK> to to be accessed .

Sample 8849:
Reference: turn off spin mode
Candidate: turn off startspinning mode

Sample 8850:
Reference: don t accept any job from then .
Candidate: closes the the driver registry and free up in the gui .

Sample 8851:
Reference: update a data item in the vector .
Candidate: updates the data of the given object to be merged from a new row .

Sample 8852:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: set the value of the matrix element at column and row

Sample 8853:
Reference: create a porderedsetx that contains the longs between start and end
Candidate: create a porderedsetx that contains the longs between start and end

Sample 8854:
Reference: encodes a string using the soundex algorithm .
Candidate: encodes a string using the refined soundex algorithm .

Sample 8855:
Reference: updates this instrument based on the latest market tick price .
Candidate: updates this instrument based on the latest market tick price .

Sample 8856:
Reference: visits an unbounded type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .
Candidate: visits an unbounded type argument of the last visited class or inner class type .

Sample 8857:
Reference: returns composition of prefix and name .
Candidate: returns composition name and similar to jvm .

Sample 8858:
Reference: fired when a control is clicked .
Candidate: handle the action and gui to show the button of the controls .

Sample 8859:
Reference: the number of entries in the counter not the total count use totalcount instead .
Candidate: the number of entries in the counter not the total count use totalcount instead .

Sample 8860:
Reference: invoked by the task performing the fetch request with the results of the lookup .
Candidate: called when the user selects rows from the <UNK> .

Sample 8861:
Reference: check if two values are equal and if not throw an exception .
Candidate: check if two values are equal and if not throw an exception .

Sample 8862:
Reference: clean scheduled queues set a new gametime then restart the clock
Candidate: reload a time period and update the clock

Sample 8863:
Reference: opens the menu and shows the secondary right menu view .
Candidate: opens the menu and shows the secondary right menu view .

Sample 8864:
Reference: quantize a float variable over the bits signed short range
Candidate: quantizes a biginteger according to the given float range

Sample 8865:
Reference: clamp selected index in bounds .
Candidate: clamp the index within s damage that is in the correct index

Sample 8866:
Reference: determine the delegate owner for the current frame and apply the owner to all renderable objects used to draw the graphic .
Candidate: determines the current for for the <UNK> tree to be propagated to the label .

Sample 8867:
Reference: creates an ant task of the given type configued by the setup action .
Candidate: creates a product view of the discovered action .

Sample 8868:
Reference: visits a signature corresponding to a primitive type .
Candidate: visits a signature corresponding to a primitive type .

Sample 8869:
Reference: returns this request s http headers .
Candidate: returns the initial headers of this request .

Sample 8870:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 8871:
Reference: checks to see if a table is a view .
Candidate: determine whether the given table is is view view using the same as a .

Sample 8872:
Reference: callback for a giveaway s status being updated .
Candidate: called when a user leaves the leaves it .

Sample 8873:
Reference: ranslates an xml fragment to javascript collections .
Candidate: converts a <UNK> to a javascript array of type t .

Sample 8874:
Reference: intended for test purposes only .
Candidate: clear all entries from the cache .

Sample 8875:
Reference: deletes a portfolio entry in a feed .
Candidate: deletes a previously entry entry in a group .

Sample 8876:
Reference: updates all app widgets .
Candidate: update the restaurant s groups for a security service .

Sample 8877:
Reference: helper method that returns the number of bytes that would be used by the long fields when appended to a bytearraybuilder .
Candidate: helper function that returns the number of elements would be an positive exception when appended to a bytearraybuilder .

Sample 8878:
Reference: gets whether you should show ui with rationale for requesting the permissions .
Candidate: check permissions for all invalidate and save rationale .

Sample 8879:
Reference: the xor operation is used to ensure the order of operands does not impact the hashcode
Candidate: returns a hash code value for the query .

Sample 8880:
Reference: read a serialized representation of the dna info
Candidate: read the <UNK> from a new file .

Sample 8881:
Reference: only select historic process instances that are defined by a process definition with one of the given process definition keys .
Candidate: only select historic process instances that have a process definition for which the key is present in the given list

Sample 8882:
Reference: called when the given unrecognized key is encountered in the given context object .
Candidate: called when the key was bound to a json component .

Sample 8883:
Reference: put a key value pair in the jsonobject but only if the key and the value are both non null .
Candidate: put a key value pair in the jsonobject but only if the key and the value are both non null .

Sample 8884:
Reference: executes a command .
Candidate: execute the business command will execute the command entities in this request .

Sample 8885:
Reference: whether the device is similar the same bssid is equal
Candidate: return if the device is a prerequisite the the same .

Sample 8886:
Reference: write a process variable as xml to an output stream
Candidate: standard version of pv uses recursive depth non non root doc

Sample 8887:
Reference: used in html modes to signal if forms rasterized
Candidate: if this is is going to to same type or false .

Sample 8888:
Reference: returns a new bug instance with source line and class information .
Candidate: create a new object from the provided type .

Sample 8889:
Reference: called when seeking starts by user
Candidate: called when seeking starts by user

Sample 8890:
Reference: converts this object to a string
Candidate: get the null string value .

Sample 8891:
Reference: picks the only installed oauth provider .
Candidate: picks the passed in provider to the <UNK> service .

Sample 8892:
Reference: join the specified transaction if not already joined .
Candidate: connects this to to the provided server if it exists to the server connection .

Sample 8893:
Reference: like grep but in java .
Candidate: return a box returning an java in in java .

Sample 8894:
Reference: indicates whether this package is sealed with respect to the specified url .
Candidate: indicates whether this package is sealed with respect to the specified url .

Sample 8895:
Reference: closes the bytestream session .
Candidate: closes the target stream .

Sample 8896:
Reference: use this method to destroy a region in an offline disk store .
Candidate: gets a restore region of the same renamed name

Sample 8897:
Reference: compute the dot product .
Candidate: compute a dot product of multiplying two vectors .

Sample 8898:
Reference: retrieves the tail of the list if there is any .
Candidate: retrieves the current handle of a list .

Sample 8899:
Reference: nothing to do in the normal case overwrite this method if post processing is necessary .
Candidate: called when we have finished .

Sample 8900:
Reference: check to see if the radio is on or not .
Candidate: check to see if the radio is on or not .

Sample 8901:
Reference: if the online status of the repository has been changed .
Candidate: updates the status of a client status to confirm whether the repository is changed .

Sample 8902:
Reference: checks whether the find operation is available with the specified string .
Candidate: tests if the category can be found between the c .

Sample 8903:
Reference: return true when try to close the opened swipe item success .
Candidate: closes the last side if it is not active .

Sample 8904:
Reference: validates the length of the field .
Candidate: validates that a size size is on a form of size .

Sample 8905:
Reference: get the single object instance .
Candidate: get the <UNK> instance of which is set to be .

Sample 8906:
Reference: method to call if files must be decompress untar or unzip
Candidate: requests the file directory to the end of this file .

Sample 8907:
Reference: called when local node is elected to be the master
Candidate: called when the user selects a master node .

Sample 8908:
Reference: performs some actions in response to user s clicking on the next button .
Candidate: called when the user clicks the button to clicked .

Sample 8909:
Reference: generates and flattens publishers on each rail optionally delaying errors .
Candidate: generates and flattens publishers on each rail optionally delaying errors .

Sample 8910:
Reference: gets the value of the vflashsupported property .
Candidate: gets the value of the flash property supported by the <UNK> .

Sample 8911:
Reference: enter a constant into symbol table .
Candidate: enter a constant into symbol table .

Sample 8912:
Reference: counts a single example e . g .
Candidate: subclasses must be called by subclasses to to and log the example and lower .

Sample 8913:
Reference: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .
Candidate: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .

Sample 8914:
Reference: start timing an action .
Candidate: start timing how long the player is sent the power of .

Sample 8915:
Reference: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .
Candidate: checks whether the mediaplayer is playing .

Sample 8916:
Reference: destroys a an decoder state . br
Candidate: destroys a an decoder state . br

Sample 8917:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 8918:
Reference: does a region clear on the server
Candidate: clear a region from the data from the the specified object .

Sample 8919:
Reference: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated byte with the result .
Candidate: base encode the given data and return a newly allocated byte with the result .

Sample 8920:
Reference: create an implementation class instance .
Candidate: factory method to create a new object instance .

Sample 8921:
Reference: if the delegate changed since the iterator was created the iterator is no longer valid .
Candidate: if the delegate changed since the iterator was created the iterator is no longer valid .

Sample 8922:
Reference: requests information about the running processes from the debug client .
Candidate: the request to be called to the the of of the <UNK> .

Sample 8923:
Reference: writes the icalendar objects to a writer .
Candidate: writes the vcards objects to an output stream .

Sample 8924:
Reference: closes the stream .
Candidate: closes the stream .

Sample 8925:
Reference: return the count of keys
Candidate: return the count of keys

Sample 8926:
Reference: returns the current time in seconds since the epoch or a mocked out equivalent .
Candidate: returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch or a mocked out equivalent .

Sample 8927:
Reference: checks whether the supplied throwable is one that needs to be rethrown and swallows all others .
Candidate: checks whether the supplied throwable is one that needs to be rethrown and swallows all others .

Sample 8928:
Reference: commence delivering events to my listener .
Candidate: start the event processing when the event has started .

Sample 8929:
Reference: use this method to start a reversed binding progress with a specific object of your model .
Candidate: binds this method to receive a reverse binding of a model object with your model .

Sample 8930:
Reference: searches the most specialized format for the specified type .
Candidate: searches for the xml format for the specified type .

Sample 8931:
Reference: convenience method to create an ant environment variable that points to a file .
Candidate: convenience method to create an ant environment variable that contains a string .

Sample 8932:
Reference: checks if an identifier is contained in this strategy .
Candidate: tests if the resource is contains the given identifier .

Sample 8933:
Reference: add current parameters stored in this statement to a batch .
Candidate: adds a message to the query .

Sample 8934:
Reference: return whether this attribute contains a numeric value or not .
Candidate: is the element a numeric type ?

Sample 8935:
Reference: check type of the value supplied and writes the new variable value .
Candidate: check that a variable name is currently and write it to the writer .

Sample 8936:
Reference: triggers the callback on the webview with the appropriate messageid
Candidate: gets the callback to be called on the local process with given title .

Sample 8937:
Reference: get the per topic queue size .
Candidate: returns the approximate number of tasks in the queue .

Sample 8938:
Reference: returns the string representation for the range at the given dimension
Candidate: returns the string representation for the range at the given dimension

Sample 8939:
Reference: create an instance of querytypequeryitemtype
Candidate: create an instance of submit an typed query

Sample 8940:
Reference: return true if this supports reflection based cloning .
Candidate: return true if this supports reflection based cloning .

Sample 8941:
Reference: if device supports api level these are all devices starting from api level
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> has an id character or limited to .

Sample 8942:
Reference: decode an opus packet with floating point output . br
Candidate: decode an opus packet with floating point output . br

Sample 8943:
Reference: tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception .

Sample 8944:
Reference: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .
Candidate: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .

Sample 8945:
Reference: validates an email address .
Candidate: check if the <UNK> address is a valid email address . this does .

Sample 8946:
Reference: invert the sort order of each sort definition contained by this compound comparator .
Candidate: invert the sort order of the sort using the specified predicates .

Sample 8947:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 8948:
Reference: returns this iterator s current position .
Candidate: returns this iterator s current position .

Sample 8949:
Reference: gets the number of run tests .
Candidate: specifies the number of entries that will be read in the server .

Sample 8950:
Reference: method to determine whether we have asked for this permission before . . if we have we do not want to ask again .
Candidate: returns true if the provided permission is granted to be accepted .

Sample 8951:
Reference: change the current loaded profile .
Candidate: creates a new property object for the specified key in a context .

Sample 8952:
Reference: returns the count of bit gsm alphabet characters needed to represent this character .
Candidate: returns the count of bit gsm alphabet characters needed to represent this character .

Sample 8953:
Reference: add or update the definition for the identified table .
Candidate: add or update the definition for the identified table .

Sample 8954:
Reference: indicates whether this field is unshared .
Candidate: indicates whether this field is unshared .

Sample 8955:
Reference: set up all of the other objects to operate connected to this port
Candidate: configure up all of the storage manager to use this device .

Sample 8956:
Reference: returns true if this writer has relaxed syntax rules .
Candidate: tells whether date time interpretation is to be lenient .

Sample 8957:
Reference: closes this filter enabling the developer to clean open resources .
Candidate: clean up any resources associated with this writer .

Sample 8958:
Reference: get the value of stationzone
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is currently activated for the zone .

Sample 8959:
Reference: combines two hash codes to make a new one .
Candidate: combines two hash codes to make a new one .

Sample 8960:
Reference: sets the title localization key property .
Candidate: sets the specified key to the context .

Sample 8961:
Reference: returns the tls version used for this connection .
Candidate: returns the major version of the <UNK> flow for which the sandbox .

Sample 8962:
Reference: returns the key s length in bits .
Candidate: calculate the length of the given key

Sample 8963:
Reference: return the unboxed type if t is a boxed class otherwise return t itself .
Candidate: return the unboxed type if t is a boxed class otherwise return t itself .

Sample 8964:
Reference: returns true if the string is null or empty .
Candidate: check if string is null or empty

Sample 8965:
Reference: expands fieldset of sidekick and checks if its expanded .
Candidate: expands content on history and if not already present .

Sample 8966:
Reference: adds one or more byyearday rule parts .
Candidate: adds one or more <UNK> rule parts .

Sample 8967:
Reference: refills the input buffer .
Candidate: refills the input buffer .

Sample 8968:
Reference: the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input
Candidate: the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input stream

Sample 8969:
Reference: returns the only instance of this class .
Candidate: get the singleton instance for the <UNK> .

Sample 8970:
Reference: the restriction applied to processing the element .
Candidate: returns a random instance of this token this fragment but without a different . otherwise .

Sample 8971:
Reference: close the device represented by this instance .
Candidate: start a close connection from the listener s and a listener object .

Sample 8972:
Reference: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .
Candidate: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .

Sample 8973:
Reference: saves each decision table .
Candidate: persists any relations of the customer <UNK> and store values for the given tables .

Sample 8974:
Reference: returns the initial flow value for entry exit graph nodes .
Candidate: calculate the flow is in a default set

Sample 8975:
Reference: pack file with compression
Candidate: compresses file file to file system and populating both the test file .

Sample 8976:
Reference: validates that the initiator is registered
Candidate: validates that the initiator is missing to the initiator .

Sample 8977:
Reference: get an initialized iterator for my imbedded list
Candidate: get an initialized iterator for my imbedded list

Sample 8978:
Reference: remove a service node from the node list
Candidate: remove a service node from the node list

Sample 8979:
Reference: called when a foursquare responds to a dialog with an error .
Candidate: called when the error occurs during <UNK> .

Sample 8980:
Reference: creates a base encoded string from the given input string .
Candidate: creates a base string from the given input stream .

Sample 8981:
Reference: tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception .
Candidate: tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception .

Sample 8982:
Reference: create a new array and copy each of the values into it .
Candidate: create a new array and copy each of the properties into it .

Sample 8983:
Reference: add key value pair to map and key need not null or empty
Candidate: add key value pair to map and key need not null or empty

Sample 8984:
Reference: replace an existing member in a relation with a different member .
Candidate: called in the deployment information if no longer needed the <UNK> is not present

Sample 8985:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 8986:
Reference: virtual method floats long fit in both jvm and aix registers
Candidate: static method floats fit in both jvm register and aix registers for the register spill register spill

Sample 8987:
Reference: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the extended type id .
Candidate: traverse to the next node after the current node that is matched by the extended type id .

Sample 8988:
Reference: returns the least common superclass of this type and other .
Candidate: returns the least common superclass of this type and other .

Sample 8989:
Reference: modifies given instance of capabilities and passes it further potentially for additional modifications .
Candidate: modifies all mappings of the transport . .

Sample 8990:
Reference: cancels the episode with the id in the download queue
Candidate: cancels the download for telling if there are more pending for

Sample 8991:
Reference: returns true if the turbulence function is currently stitching tiles .
Candidate: returns true if the turbulence function is currently stitching tiles .

Sample 8992:
Reference: returns true if plotter has capability to save an image on his own .
Candidate: returns whether if the user is currently able to use the cache .

Sample 8993:
Reference: the entry point of the test .
Candidate: the entry point of the test .

Sample 8994:
Reference: encodes the characters of string that are either non ascii characters or are ascii characters that must be percent encoded using the utf encoding .
Candidate: encodes the string and string that are non ascii characters that are that ascii characters that must be percent encoded using the encoding .

Sample 8995:
Reference: returns whether or not this type is an array .
Candidate: returns whether or not this type is an array .

Sample 8996:
Reference: checks if connector is enabled .
Candidate: true if this request is currently enabled and false otherwise .

Sample 8997:
Reference: status of the follow peak
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is already a live statement .

Sample 8998:
Reference: returns true if this request has been canceled .
Candidate: returns true if this request has been canceled .

Sample 8999:
Reference: convenience method returning true if this class member is protected .
Candidate: test if a protected method is protected

Sample 9000:
Reference: creates an ast node for this message .
Candidate: use this method to create an instance of <UNK> .

Sample 9001:
Reference: clears the internal state of the statistic .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 9002:
Reference: visits a parameter of this method .
Candidate: visits a parameter of this method .

Sample 9003:
Reference: updates the crop window by directly setting the edge coordinates this method maintains a given aspect ratio .
Candidate: updates the crop window by directly setting the edge coordinates this method maintains a given aspect ratio .

Sample 9004:
Reference: visits a type element .
Candidate: visits a type element .

Sample 9005:
Reference: implementors of this interface are not expected to implement this method .
Candidate: this method will be called when an instance is available .

Sample 9006:
Reference: closes the alarm instance
Candidate: closes and removes the object from this queue .

Sample 9007:
Reference: discards all resources in the pool .
Candidate: discards all entries in the cache .

Sample 9008:
Reference: reads a byte from the input stream checking that the end of file eof has not been encountered .
Candidate: reads a byte from the input stream checking that the end of file eof has not been encountered .

Sample 9009:
Reference: return a copy of the peernetwork referring to the same network locations .
Candidate: return a copy of the peernetwork referring to the same network locations .

Sample 9010:
Reference: limpar campos textfield cadastro de estratigrafias
Candidate: limpar the minute areas

Sample 9011:
Reference: check the password of this user .
Candidate: check the password of this user .

Sample 9012:
Reference: unlocks the slidingdrawer so that touch events are processed .
Candidate: unlocks the slidingdrawer so that touch events are processed .

Sample 9013:
Reference: convert radians to degrees with error of less than . ulp
Candidate: convert radians to degrees with error of less than . ulp

Sample 9014:
Reference: close the file does not flush .
Candidate: close the current rrd file and stop the default . if the is not found .

Sample 9015:
Reference: updates the window title using the title of the integrated application and the current embedded application if any .
Candidate: updates the resize title to the latest title and displays it if the title is

Sample 9016:
Reference: helper method that simply checks the matrix and then displays the result
Candidate: helper method that simply checks the matrix and then displays the result

Sample 9017:
Reference: true if number of touch points .
Candidate: true if number of touch points .

Sample 9018:
Reference: inserts a list of parcelable values into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a list of parcelable values into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 9019:
Reference: creates a unitvalue point object with a specified value .
Candidate: creates a new point value value for the given unit .

Sample 9020:
Reference: disconnects from the cast device and stops the application on the cast device .
Candidate: disconnect from the cast channel .

Sample 9021:
Reference: writes the float value as volatile to given object by its offset .
Candidate: puts the referenced object as volatile to to cpu write buffer by its current value .

Sample 9022:
Reference: determine whether the given method is a tostring method .
Candidate: determine whether the given method is a tostring method .

Sample 9023:
Reference: displays value in text based on default unit .
Candidate: print a value in the guest language to a valid integer .

Sample 9024:
Reference: queries if this lock is held by any thread .
Candidate: queries if this lock is held by any thread .

Sample 9025:
Reference: tests for equality with another object .
Candidate: compares the list for an exception .

Sample 9026:
Reference: adds custom xmp metadata extension .
Candidate: method to add a custom visibility location to the list .

Sample 9027:
Reference: populate the indexes with region entries
Candidate: populate the <UNK> indexes for the specified namespace and set them .

Sample 9028:
Reference: checks the key isn t the special close key used to unblock threads when the watch service is closed .
Candidate: checks the key isn t the special close key used to unblock threads when the watch service is closed .

Sample 9029:
Reference: refreshes the panel s view .
Candidate: updates the layout s data for the workbench .

Sample 9030:
Reference: move the cursor to the next image .
Candidate: locates the <UNK> for the next of the method

Sample 9031:
Reference: sets the collapsed state of the selection cells without recursion .
Candidate: sets the collapsed state of the selection cells .

Sample 9032:
Reference: fail assertion formatting a message for not equals .
Candidate: fail assertion formatting a message for not equals .

Sample 9033:
Reference: projects an immutable collection of this stream .
Candidate: projects an immutable collection of this stream .

Sample 9034:
Reference: returns true if any of the classes have been modified .
Candidate: returns true if any of the classes have been modified .

Sample 9035:
Reference: validates a specific value .
Candidate: determines whether the given value represents a valid value .

Sample 9036:
Reference: the inverse of the log function describing the curve .
Candidate: the natural inverse of the verbose curve .

Sample 9037:
Reference: turn on the task queue service .
Candidate: sets the routing queue for which the <UNK> to be sent .

Sample 9038:
Reference: lifecycle hook method that s called when this activity is created .
Candidate: lifecycle hook method that s called when this activity is created .

Sample 9039:
Reference: formats a float representing a quantity into a string
Candidate: formats a float representing a quantity into a string

Sample 9040:
Reference: allocates a data buffer of the given initial capacity .
Candidate: allocates a new buffer with a default initial capacity of the initial capacity .

Sample 9041:
Reference: converts the input to a string with special missing value handling
Candidate: convert the dates to the text s <UNK> against the string .

Sample 9042:
Reference: returns the string representation in ion format of this timestamp in utc .
Candidate: converts the full string value to a string representation of the control .

Sample 9043:
Reference: ensure that returns a unique key value
Candidate: generate the unique key

Sample 9044:
Reference: adding the page to the wizard .
Candidate: adding the page to the page .

Sample 9045:
Reference: take a projholder off the forwardstack and push it on the backstack .
Candidate: creates a new undoevent on the backstack to remember for later in case we need to back up .

Sample 9046:
Reference: encapsulate logic for determining the case where no object neuron node synpase node etc was clicked on at the beginning of this drag sequence .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is already been clicked on the master .

Sample 9047:
Reference: executes chmod exepath .
Candidate: indicates the user the specified log permission .

Sample 9048:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method by testing this class .

Sample 9049:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 9050:
Reference: retrieves whether auto generated keys can be retrieved after a statement has been executed
Candidate: retrieves whether auto generated keys can be retrieved after a statement has been executed

Sample 9051:
Reference: this method loads an ocsp response from the given base encoded string .
Candidate: load an encoded in a basicocspresp in the <UNK> list .

Sample 9052:
Reference: cast a double value to a byte value primitive value type
Candidate: cast a double value to a byte value do nothing

Sample 9053:
Reference: checks whether the defined criteria of this instance match the specified certificate .
Candidate: checks whether the defined criteria of this instance match the specified certificate .

Sample 9054:
Reference: finds index of given element or negative value if element is not found .
Candidate: finds element by the element element or throws an element if element is the element .

Sample 9055:
Reference: when the authentication is completed this can be called to notify the caller .
Candidate: when the authentication is completed this can be called to notify the caller .

Sample 9056:
Reference: complete disconnect sends clear command to netmaplisteners resets gui if it s being used .
Candidate: reset the state to the old state and overriding it to be reset .

Sample 9057:
Reference: adds a list of resources that are needed for the to do task .
Candidate: adds a list of resources that are needed for the event .

Sample 9058:
Reference: returns the next model .
Candidate: return the expected assignment for this object .

Sample 9059:
Reference: we can also invoke parallelstream on a collection to fetch the stream
Candidate: invoke the output of the outbound methods in the <UNK> stream .

Sample 9060:
Reference: create the texture that will serve as our framebuffer for the ray tracer .
Candidate: this the texture that will be our framebuffer for the ray for .

Sample 9061:
Reference: coverts given doubles array to array of longs .
Candidate: coverts given doubles array to array of longs .

Sample 9062:
Reference: returns whether the instance has an extreme value in the specified attribute or not
Candidate: checks if the given value is at the given range index

Sample 9063:
Reference: determines if a method methodname without arguments exists for the given object .
Candidate: checks if the method is already checked by a <UNK> object .

Sample 9064:
Reference: build an aggregation with the given name and arguments .
Candidate: builds a new aggregation view .

Sample 9065:
Reference: invalidate the bounds of all visualitems in the given group .
Candidate: invalidate the bounds of all visualitems in the given group .

Sample 9066:
Reference: creates a new hessian . serializer .
Candidate: creates a new hessian . serializer .

Sample 9067:
Reference: builds the sendablephotomessage object
Candidate: builds the sendablestickermessage object

Sample 9068:
Reference: creates a destination which can either a topic or a queue .
Candidate: copy the given object to a destination

Sample 9069:
Reference: we need to handle adding the component specially .
Candidate: we need to add adding the component specially .

Sample 9070:
Reference: returns a copy of the population sorted by the objective value in ascending order .
Candidate: calculates the objective with the given list of b elements .

Sample 9071:
Reference: adds a listener for figureevent s .
Candidate: add a listener to the list of listeners interested in the .

Sample 9072:
Reference: project a data vector from data space to scaled space .
Candidate: project a data vector from data space to scaled space .

Sample 9073:
Reference: makes a new iterator for reading this code attribute .
Candidate: makes a new iterator for reading this code attribute .

Sample 9074:
Reference: writes a byte array to the bytes message stream .
Candidate: writes the specified data number to the <UNK> server i o space

Sample 9075:
Reference: remove an element described by objectinfo .
Candidate: remove an element described by objectinfo .

Sample 9076:
Reference: writes an image map to an output stream .
Candidate: writes an image map to an output stream .

Sample 9077:
Reference: cancels any existing jobs that are copying the same file names as this one
Candidate: cancels any existing jobs that are copying the same file names as this one

Sample 9078:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: set the second value of the matrix element

Sample 9079:
Reference: return the number of errors found so far in this round .
Candidate: return the number of errors found found in this round .

Sample 9080:
Reference: converts the given object into one aerospike will be able to store natively .
Candidate: converts the <UNK> object to a type object type .

Sample 9081:
Reference: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .
Candidate: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .

Sample 9082:
Reference: test if a discoverinfo response contains duplicate identities .
Candidate: used to see if the list contains a subdirectory of the added criteria .

Sample 9083:
Reference: removes a listener to spider parsing events .
Candidate: removes a listener from the session listener .

Sample 9084:
Reference: queues a new audiocommand for subsequent execution .
Candidate: determines whether the passed command is used to handle the <UNK> and command channels .

Sample 9085:
Reference: keep alive one lease only once
Candidate: max request requests to keep alive if it is a longer alive and wait for the granting number .

Sample 9086:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9087:
Reference: removes all of the mappings from this map .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this map .

Sample 9088:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports table correlation names .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports table correlation names .

Sample 9089:
Reference: zero out the buffer from last time
Candidate: zero out the buffer from last time

Sample 9090:
Reference: compares this charset with the given charset .
Candidate: compares this charset with the given charset .

Sample 9091:
Reference: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .
Candidate: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .

Sample 9092:
Reference: adds the range between min max as possible brightness values for this range .
Candidate: adds an brightness range to min max .

Sample 9093:
Reference: move or rename a file to a target file .
Candidate: moves the source file to a new location to the destination file and adding it to the destination directory .

Sample 9094:
Reference: save this schematic to a stream
Candidate: saves the entity to all the data

Sample 9095:
Reference: unregister the callback as a listener to stop receiving color palette changes .
Candidate: remove the callback that receives callbacks from the receiving color palette .

Sample 9096:
Reference: reads hash code of entry at queue node address .
Candidate: gets entry address for given queue address .

Sample 9097:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more arguments passed to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more arguments passed to the calling method .

Sample 9098:
Reference: paints the background of a desktop pane .
Candidate: paints the background of a desktop pane .

Sample 9099:
Reference: destruction of the servlet .
Candidate: destruction of the servlet .

Sample 9100:
Reference: returns if the underlying amd architecture supports avx instructions .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> <UNK> architecture supports debug mode . instructions .

Sample 9101:
Reference: is the resource a directory ?
Candidate: returns whether if the resource is pointing to a directory resource .

Sample 9102:
Reference: check if the expected character exist at the given offset in the value .
Candidate: check if the expected character exist at the given offset in the value .

Sample 9103:
Reference: loads all the modules which are available in the database .
Candidate: loads one module that have one or the module .

Sample 9104:
Reference: generates a random double between two limits .
Candidate: generates a random double between two limits .

Sample 9105:
Reference: flush the internal buffer
Candidate: flush the internal buffer

Sample 9106:
Reference: generates an absolute string file path
Candidate: generate a path path with the provided type name and

Sample 9107:
Reference: create a download object auto named file .
Candidate: create a download object .

Sample 9108:
Reference: set the error promt
Candidate: set the error text minus non error from the text .

Sample 9109:
Reference: builds a googleapiclient .
Candidate: build a google api for the to to the psp . apis .

Sample 9110:
Reference: hidden activation probability returns p z x .
Candidate: hidden activation probability returns p z

Sample 9111:
Reference: returns the next interpolant
Candidate: gets the next possible value of this vector .

Sample 9112:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a messageset extension to the stream .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a messageset extension to the stream .

Sample 9113:
Reference: visits an annotation of the field .
Candidate: visits an annotation of the field .

Sample 9114:
Reference: adds the specified element to this set if it is not already present .
Candidate: adds the specified element to this set if it is not already present .

Sample 9115:
Reference: stay alive after launching the application .
Candidate: stay alive after launching the application .

Sample 9116:
Reference: create a bitmapregiondecoder from a file path .
Candidate: create a bitmapregiondecoder from a file path .

Sample 9117:
Reference: return a client socket .
Candidate: return a client socket .

Sample 9118:
Reference: returns true iff a key of the given name exists in the format .
Candidate: returns true iff a key of the given name exists in the format .

Sample 9119:
Reference: set whether the column s values are optional e . g . can contain nulls .
Candidate: set the set of column names that are no with the same .

Sample 9120:
Reference: reads the content of the file into a byte array .
Candidate: read the i a file and return all contents as a byte array .

Sample 9121:
Reference: clears saved results for average computations .
Candidate: stops the usage state .

Sample 9122:
Reference: a utility method to show a simple error dialog .
Candidate: an utility method to show an error dialog .

Sample 9123:
Reference: inquire whether this view requires ime keyboard interaction .
Candidate: returns true if the input data buffer is empty and setinput should be called in order to provide more input .

Sample 9124:
Reference: adds value to the view
Candidate: adds key value key value value . value . getclass .

Sample 9125:
Reference: restarts player in the soft way didn t release all resurces and callbacks
Candidate: reset the last playing to the <UNK> if it is longer needed .

Sample 9126:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 9127:
Reference: returns right margin of divider .
Candidate: returns right margin of divider .

Sample 9128:
Reference: return a coalesce expression
Candidate: return the expression representing the given column value .

Sample 9129:
Reference: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .
Candidate: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .

Sample 9130:
Reference: scrolls the htmlcomponent several pages forward backward .
Candidate: scrolls the the page in pages to fit in backward .

Sample 9131:
Reference: convert geometry to wkt gml schematotest parse to geometry and compare to original .
Candidate: check that the <UNK> is not <UNK> and gives the geometry .

Sample 9132:
Reference: marks an item offer as complete .
Candidate: locks the top user offer

Sample 9133:
Reference: pattern every operator and filter in combination equivalent to the every tag myevent syntax .
Candidate: pattern every operator and filter in combination equivalent to the every tag myevent syntax .

Sample 9134:
Reference: checks whether the buffer is filled
Candidate: checks whether the buffer is filled

Sample 9135:
Reference: returns all nodes in this graph .
Candidate: returns all nodes in this graph .

Sample 9136:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9137:
Reference: scroll back with spring mechanism .
Candidate: scroll the <UNK> view to the <UNK> width of the <UNK> window .

Sample 9138:
Reference: get the next element in scan order
Candidate: get the next element in scan order

Sample 9139:
Reference: id of the comment on the topic .
Candidate: id of the comment comment .

Sample 9140:
Reference: sets the value of this quaternion to the conjugate of quaternion q
Candidate: sets the value of this quaternion to the quaternion of some times .

Sample 9141:
Reference: simple replace for chat components it will replace once given string in any component with given string .
Candidate: replace given value for converting it to a date and p it can be replaced in any string .

Sample 9142:
Reference: send a warning log message
Candidate: send a warning log message

Sample 9143:
Reference: returns a new instance .
Candidate: creates a new writer for this source using sink .

Sample 9144:
Reference: determines if file a is an ancestor of file b .
Candidate: determine if a file is compiled is an ancestor file or by the given file .

Sample 9145:
Reference: real time update downloading progress
Candidate: updates the progress progress and update the progress of this progress .

Sample 9146:
Reference: creates a list from two items
Candidate: creates a list from two items

Sample 9147:
Reference: tests whether the user is using windows .
Candidate: tests whether the current is using windows .

Sample 9148:
Reference: indicates whether or not this reader is closed .
Candidate: indicates whether this reader is closed .

Sample 9149:
Reference: onrefresh will be called for both a pull from start and pull from end
Candidate: onrefresh will be called for both a pull from start and pull from end

Sample 9150:
Reference: returns true if given the specified record the two expressions evaluate to matching values .
Candidate: tells whether or not the the of the are are matched .

Sample 9151:
Reference: gets the string value of a property and loads it into a jtextfield
Candidate: gets the string value of a property

Sample 9152:
Reference: put item at top as in lifo stack
Candidate: put top item at top as stack as stack

Sample 9153:
Reference: parse an object from an inputstream .
Candidate: parse an object from a inputstream .

Sample 9154:
Reference: metodo que valida si los datos basicos de la unidad registral vienen rellenos
Candidate: determines whether the receiver is <UNK> to sleep if the <UNK> is not visible .

Sample 9155:
Reference: get details for a decline event for removeinitiator note in order to maintain backwards compatibility do not change the signature of this method .
Candidate: removes an entry details from this method for inserting to an old signature of this method to do not change .

Sample 9156:
Reference: is the buffer currently empty ?
Candidate: is the buffer currently empty ?

Sample 9157:
Reference: removes the constraints for the specified component in this layout
Candidate: removes the constraints for the specified component in this layout

Sample 9158:
Reference: replaces a range of bytes .
Candidate: replaces a range of bytes .

Sample 9159:
Reference: clears a memory based backend .
Candidate: deletes the properties of the storage backend using the global backend .

Sample 9160:
Reference: enters this monitor .
Candidate: enters this monitor .

Sample 9161:
Reference: adds a new text label for the specified x axis value .
Candidate: adds a new text label for the specified x axis value .

Sample 9162:
Reference: sql command to find function bodies
Candidate: sql function to find function bodies

Sample 9163:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 9164:
Reference: checks if opengl es . is supported on the current device .
Candidate: checks if opengl es . is supported on the current device .

Sample 9165:
Reference: removes a converter from the set of converters .
Candidate: removes a period and get the object for the passed readers .

Sample 9166:
Reference: request service information .
Candidate: request service information .

Sample 9167:
Reference: copies data from a stream to another .
Candidate: copies data from a stream to another .

Sample 9168:
Reference: returns the probability distribution function .
Candidate: returns the probability distribution function .

Sample 9169:
Reference: checks if specified property is a reference to entity s parent entity .
Candidate: checks whether the property property is the given property or not .

Sample 9170:
Reference: convert the proposed string to a valid avro fullname replacing all invalid characters with the supplied string .
Candidate: convert the proposed string to a valid avro fullname replacing all invalid characters with the underscore character .

Sample 9171:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 9172:
Reference: calculate xendesktop vcpu requirements for deployment
Candidate: calculate xendesktop power requirements for deployment

Sample 9173:
Reference: print a message in this tool .
Candidate: print a message in this tool .

Sample 9174:
Reference: returns an observable sequence list of breweries search results for a text query
Candidate: searches for a search query and returns the results of a query query

Sample 9175:
Reference: goes through all of the tables in stables and drops each table if it exists .
Candidate: goes through all of the tables in stables and drops each table if it exists .

Sample 9176:
Reference: removes a delegation privilege from a specific realm .
Candidate: removes a privilege privilege to the user privilege .

Sample 9177:
Reference: identifier of an item owner community note that community id in the owner id parameter should be negative number .
Candidate: user owner identifier note that community id in the owner id parameter should be negative number .

Sample 9178:
Reference: initializes the processor with the processing environment .
Candidate: initializes the processor with the processing environment .

Sample 9179:
Reference: swaps the elements at the specified positions in this seq .
Candidate: swaps the swap in the the children of the i th element of the the list .

Sample 9180:
Reference: returns a string identifying this text attribute .
Candidate: returns a human readable compositor name .

Sample 9181:
Reference: adds a field to be highlighted with default fragment size of characters and default number of fragments of using the default encoder
Candidate: adds a field to be highlighted from the fields .

Sample 9182:
Reference: it checks the presence of the elvis operator and how it is used .
Candidate: helper method to find out if the a custom select field is not allowed .

Sample 9183:
Reference: set name of timer .
Candidate: to reset the application attribute .

Sample 9184:
Reference: inserts all mappings from the given bundle into this bundle .
Candidate: inserts all mappings from the given bundle into this bundle .

Sample 9185:
Reference: creates a new sqlparser for the given pojo class and registers the given attributes with it .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> for the given pojo class and registers the given attributes with it .

Sample 9186:
Reference: utility method used to save the current clip area
Candidate: saves the clip in the current clipping area and the current clipping .

Sample 9187:
Reference: process this bundle as stream .
Candidate: get the handler of the <UNK> stream .

Sample 9188:
Reference: removes all bindings registered by this helper
Candidate: called every time this presenter is disconnecting from a view .

Sample 9189:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9190:
Reference: checks the validity of the transaction by checking if the values of the response correspond to the values of the request .
Candidate: checks that the message is being valid i . e .

Sample 9191:
Reference: returns true if the status of the location is unsafe false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the status of the location is unsafe false otherwise .

Sample 9192:
Reference: call to check if permits might be available before acquiring data
Candidate: call to check if permits might be available before acquiring data

Sample 9193:
Reference: equivalent to corner corner count
Candidate: returns the returns instance of a corner point in the <UNK> and returns the it .

Sample 9194:
Reference: returns the maximum number of bytes that this cache should use to store its data .
Candidate: returns the maximum number of bytes that this cache should use to store its data .

Sample 9195:
Reference: set the order to descending .
Candidate: set the order to descending

Sample 9196:
Reference: consume the two arguments .
Candidate: performs this operation on the given arguments .

Sample 9197:
Reference: this is called when the user has started touching this widget .
Candidate: this is called when the user has started touching this widget .

Sample 9198:
Reference: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
Candidate: initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .

Sample 9199:
Reference: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in reverse sequential order .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in reverse sequential order .

Sample 9200:
Reference: converts a type signature from the ibinarytype representation to the dc representation .
Candidate: converts a type signature from the ibinarytype representation to the dc representation .

Sample 9201:
Reference: this method must be invoked before template parsing .
Candidate: this method is invoked by the current parsing process .

Sample 9202:
Reference: invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed .
Candidate: invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed .

Sample 9203:
Reference: returns true if this event originated on a client .
Candidate: answers true if this event is from a client

Sample 9204:
Reference: load a quantiser from a file
Candidate: load the type file from the native registry .

Sample 9205:
Reference: get the classwriter instance for this context .
Candidate: get the classwriter instance for this context .

Sample 9206:
Reference: toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
Candidate: toggle the selection status of the item at a given position

Sample 9207:
Reference: inserta el nivel de archivo
Candidate: inserta una nivel de archivo

Sample 9208:
Reference: adds a new list of candidate nodes for the motif node during the initialisation
Candidate: adds a new list of nodes for the motif node to the motif list of edges

Sample 9209:
Reference: returns the string identifying the given cudagraphicscubeface
Candidate: returns the string identifying the given cudagraphicscubeface

Sample 9210:
Reference: answers the total amount of memory resources which is available to or in use by the running program .
Candidate: get total number of memory in lower order .

Sample 9211:
Reference: checks for if an annotation property is set by overriding the default value .
Candidate: returns a value if the specified annotation is set to a strict .

Sample 9212:
Reference: wraps a given array into an array list .
Candidate: wraps a map where the given elements will return a .

Sample 9213:
Reference: returns the number of grids currently running in this osgi container .
Candidate: gets number of words in the frontier .

Sample 9214:
Reference: removes all key value mappings from this sparseintarray .
Candidate: removes all key value mappings from this sparsefloatarray .

Sample 9215:
Reference: create the gui control under the given parent .
Candidate: creates a returns and returns the listener for further changes .

Sample 9216:
Reference: generate character with specified bounding box .
Candidate: generate character at specified position with font size .

Sample 9217:
Reference: assigns ssh key to environment and inserts it into authorized keys file of all the containers within the environment
Candidate: add ssh new keys

Sample 9218:
Reference: you recovered num hp by using skillname .
Candidate: you restored num damage time the rune carve effect of skillname .

Sample 9219:
Reference: removes the specified entry if one exits example a b c test . txt
Candidate: removes the specified entry if one exits example a b c test . txt

Sample 9220:
Reference: adds a listener to listen for idevicemanagerservices notifications
Candidate: adds a listener to listen for idevicemanagerservices notifications

Sample 9221:
Reference: controls the way in which a diagnostic position is displayed .
Candidate: controls the way in which a diagnostic position is displayed .

Sample 9222:
Reference: this method checks whether an attribute only contains non alphanumeric characters
Candidate: this method checks whether an attribute only contains non alphanumeric characters

Sample 9223:
Reference: called when an attachment is received .
Candidate: called when an attachment is received .

Sample 9224:
Reference: postconcats the matrix with the specified scale .
Candidate: postconcats this matrix to the specified scale .

Sample 9225:
Reference: the string representation of the attribute .
Candidate: returns the attribute name as a string .

Sample 9226:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 9227:
Reference: only select historic process variables where the given variable name is like .
Candidate: only select historic process variables with the given name .

Sample 9228:
Reference: displays an information message dialog .
Candidate: displays an information message dialog .

Sample 9229:
Reference: indicates that eof is detected .
Candidate: indicates that eof is detected .

Sample 9230:
Reference: print a linebreak to the standard output stream .
Candidate: a a wrapper will to a print writer if it is a writer otherwise to the writer .

Sample 9231:
Reference: removes the translational part and transposes the matrix .
Candidate: removes the translational part and transposes the matrix .

Sample 9232:
Reference: register all enchantment types with enchantment .
Candidate: register to listen for registering keyboard

Sample 9233:
Reference: make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject .
Candidate: make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject .

Sample 9234:
Reference: reads a mosaic descriptor .
Candidate: reads a mosaic descriptor .

Sample 9235:
Reference: utility to obtain a copy of a list of the names of those columns that satisfy the specified predicate .
Candidate: returns a list of column names for the first predicate and a copy of the values .

Sample 9236:
Reference: unregisters the current model for the current thread .
Candidate: unregisters the given from a spin call from the current thread .

Sample 9237:
Reference: get the second of day field type .
Candidate: get the second of day field per the .

Sample 9238:
Reference: add security permission for explicit types by name .
Candidate: add security permission for explicit types .

Sample 9239:
Reference: number of characters after which to truncate the previewed comment .
Candidate: number of characters after which to truncate a previewed comment .

Sample 9240:
Reference: captures the view and returns bitmap
Candidate: captures the view and returns bitmap

Sample 9241:
Reference: clear one graph silent .
Candidate: clear the heap graph for reuse of <UNK> .

Sample 9242:
Reference: called when a response is received .
Candidate: called when a response is received .

Sample 9243:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 9244:
Reference: fill basic actions in the main menu .
Candidate: make the given bar controls to the <UNK> menu .

Sample 9245:
Reference: is sip device an automata ?
Candidate: is sip an automata ?

Sample 9246:
Reference: deletes the podcast categories entries from the database with the given podcast id basically the episodes that belong to the given podcast by its id
Candidate: deletes the podcast categories with the podcast id id

Sample 9247:
Reference: returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been committed .
Candidate: returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been committed .

Sample 9248:
Reference: initializes the points avoiding recomputing the distance .
Candidate: initializes the graph to a pair to p to to the origin .

Sample 9249:
Reference: adds a statistic this is the data for which the prod i x i prior is calculated .
Candidate: adds a statistic this is the data for which the prior is calculated .

Sample 9250:
Reference: get message representing the last action performed on the network
Candidate: get message representing the last action performed on the network

Sample 9251:
Reference: returns true as this is a reliable transport .
Candidate: returns true as this is an reliable transport .

Sample 9252:
Reference: excess of mass measure .
Candidate: computes the total number of predictions that have the total number of energy .

Sample 9253:
Reference: instructs the scanner to return the current position .
Candidate: instructs the scanner to return the current position .

Sample 9254:
Reference: called when an error has occurred .
Candidate: called when a compression fails to complete override to handle in your own code .

Sample 9255:
Reference: returns the time at which epoch i begins .
Candidate: computes the ith element of the th element in the array .

Sample 9256:
Reference: returns the current entity .
Candidate: returns the current entity .

Sample 9257:
Reference: return a full path to an item in the data folder as a file object .
Candidate: validate if a path s data is received .

Sample 9258:
Reference: return true if value is odd
Candidate: return true if the specified value is odd

Sample 9259:
Reference: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .
Candidate: tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree .

Sample 9260:
Reference: for more than one table use this method to register the table header s .
Candidate: add a table header to the <UNK> table .

Sample 9261:
Reference: constructs a new stylesheet to be used in this graph .
Candidate: creates a blank instance which should be used to the <UNK> methods .

Sample 9262:
Reference: this flag is set if the parsing code saw targetattr or targetattr ! .
Candidate: returns whether the user is <UNK> to be targetattr for the user .

Sample 9263:
Reference: recursively assign node weights .
Candidate: recursively assign node weights .

Sample 9264:
Reference: indicates if connectors from this factory are reliable or not .
Candidate: get whether this channel is reliable or not .

Sample 9265:
Reference: called when the scroll state changes .
Candidate: on page state changed .

Sample 9266:
Reference: you can provide a custom logger to get logs from jobmanager .
Candidate: set the custom to !

Sample 9267:
Reference: whether git over http should use gerrit basic authentication scheme .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is already present in the <UNK> .

Sample 9268:
Reference: adds a new kdcontainer to the searchobject at index in the container list .
Candidate: adds an existing kdcontainer to the searchobject at index in the container list and also the listeners of the list .

Sample 9269:
Reference: build boolean status value
Candidate: builds a boolean name for the <UNK> flag .

Sample 9270:
Reference: return true if the named field is defaulted and has no value in this stream .
Candidate: return true if the named field is defaulted and has no value in this stream .

Sample 9271:
Reference: call when the map or destinations are ready .
Candidate: starts that all parsing if the scanner is already loaded and ends .

Sample 9272:
Reference: enables or disables the digest function default is on .
Candidate: enables or disables the digest function default is on .

Sample 9273:
Reference: returns the depth of the tree .
Candidate: returns the maximum length of the <UNK> vector .

Sample 9274:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 9275:
Reference: creates and returns a printjob capable of handling data from any of the supported document flavors .
Candidate: creates and returns a printjob capable of data data from any of the supported document flavors .

Sample 9276:
Reference: clicks the down button .
Candidate: sets the current item .

Sample 9277:
Reference: returns a string describing classifier
Candidate: returns a string describing classifier stemmer

Sample 9278:
Reference: sorts the given array slice in natural order .
Candidate: sorts the given array in natural order .

Sample 9279:
Reference: justifying callback called to justify a view when scrolling is ended
Candidate: justifying callback called to justify a view when scrolling is ended

Sample 9280:
Reference: get a string representation of this node .
Candidate: gets a string representation of the right of node .

Sample 9281:
Reference: does the given element need a receiver for accesses ?
Candidate: convenience method if the given object has a json object .

Sample 9282:
Reference: standard method call made to objects after they are deserialized .
Candidate: standard method call made to objects after they are deserialized .

Sample 9283:
Reference: comprueba si la cadena del codigo de error recibido coincide con la esparada .
Candidate: check if the <UNK> is recommended to <UNK> for deserializing the <UNK> .

Sample 9284:
Reference: need to override when
Candidate: returns the checked state of the specified .

Sample 9285:
Reference: return value if this value support arithmetic operations .
Candidate: return value if this value support arithmetic operations .

Sample 9286:
Reference: checks the attribute in configuration is not set .
Candidate: ensures that a given flag is not set and not .

Sample 9287:
Reference: publishes an event without a throttle key
Candidate: sends a message message message message message message

Sample 9288:
Reference: removes all attached listeners .
Candidate: removes all previously added listeners .

Sample 9289:
Reference: returns whether the invocation of the management operation on the server resource succeeded .
Candidate: returns whether the invocation of the operation invocation of the invocation operation invocation .

Sample 9290:
Reference: calculate mask for the given value which is a power of two .
Candidate: calculate the power power of the highest power of the specified map .

Sample 9291:
Reference: delegate to database object group .
Candidate: returns the number of entries stored in the frontier .

Sample 9292:
Reference: report pv information .
Candidate: request to be called by a <UNK> group and move it .

Sample 9293:
Reference: for debugging the following prints a tlaexpr with an indicated name .
Candidate: prints the name of the <UNK> list to generate a newline .

Sample 9294:
Reference: retrieves a template model iterator that is used to iterate over the elements in this collection .
Candidate: return an empty set of the data from the template .

Sample 9295:
Reference: derived visitor method attribute an expression tree .
Candidate: derived visitor method attribute an expression tree .

Sample 9296:
Reference: can a schema name be used in a privilege definition statement ?
Candidate: can a schema name be used in a privilege definition statement ?

Sample 9297:
Reference: returns true if drawing the entry labels is enabled false if not .
Candidate: indicates whether the placemark s shadow is enabled or not .

Sample 9298:
Reference: creates a new adsservice to be used by the ads component
Candidate: creates a <UNK> service instance for all of the technical service .

Sample 9299:
Reference: transforms all rows from the cursor and put them in a read only set .
Candidate: transforms all rows from the cursor and put them in a cursor only list .

Sample 9300:
Reference: creates a consumer which is secured by a circuitbreaker .
Candidate: utility method that accepts a consumer for a circuitbreaker .

Sample 9301:
Reference: creates a new table row .
Candidate: creates a new table row .

Sample 9302:
Reference: change the session id of the current session to a new randomly generated session id .
Candidate: change the session id of the current session to this request session .

Sample 9303:
Reference: returns the accept authentication method
Candidate: accept the names and return it .

Sample 9304:
Reference: store the given key value pair .
Candidate: store the given key value pair .

Sample 9305:
Reference: indicates whether the specified float represents an infinite value .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified float represents an infinite value .

Sample 9306:
Reference: adds a new sub view with the specified layout data to this composite view .
Candidate: adds a sub view to this composite view to this composite .

Sample 9307:
Reference: determines if this class object represents an array class .
Candidate: always reutnrs false since this type is never used for an array

Sample 9308:
Reference: handle an event in order to synchronise data the event may be add update delete a gis object
Candidate: notification that the event event is listen for that a specific event .

Sample 9309:
Reference: this method will be used to read from file based on number of bytes to be read and positon
Candidate: this method will be used to read from based on number of bytes to be read and positon

Sample 9310:
Reference: removes an element from the element .
Candidate: removes an element from the element .

Sample 9311:
Reference: creates a new jradiobutton and sets its text mnemonic and actionlistener
Candidate: clicks the radio key button radio and

Sample 9312:
Reference: reset statistics data for given event name
Candidate: reset a a count for the named query name from the default query name .

Sample 9313:
Reference: should includes be copy pasted to a file which tries to include them
Candidate: return true if we ll be the <UNK> to a list of <UNK> checks if

Sample 9314:
Reference: this method resets the outgoing events .
Candidate: this method resets the outgoing events .

Sample 9315:
Reference: bind an existing view to the child data pointed to by cursor
Candidate: called when the child view is to be propagated to the parent .

Sample 9316:
Reference: extracts a range of data from the node .
Candidate: extracts a range of data from the node .

Sample 9317:
Reference: set the number to be updated in every times of tick
Candidate: set the max set for the frequency range of the frequency min max codes .

Sample 9318:
Reference: adds the provided user friendly names .
Candidate: adds an provided query to .

Sample 9319:
Reference: when called indicates that compression should end with the current contents of the input buffer .
Candidate: when called indicates that compression should end with the current contents of the input buffer .

Sample 9320:
Reference: urn of it in urn pass id format .
Candidate: generate the identity identity .

Sample 9321:
Reference: signals that artifacts should be exported .
Candidate: marks the current scope as a to the process . .

Sample 9322:
Reference: restore the additional stored state
Candidate: restore the stored state of this restore state .

Sample 9323:
Reference: creates a new data provider .
Candidate: creates the data provider to the the data provider .

Sample 9324:
Reference: asserts used to verify the truth of an expression
Candidate: throw assertionerror if the is not

Sample 9325:
Reference: request to have a message displayed in a dialog window .
Candidate: request message to have a message displayed in a dialog .

Sample 9326:
Reference: run all callbacks waiting for the load .
Candidate: executes all additional processing data for this test .

Sample 9327:
Reference: orders the resulting table page rows by the given column in ascending order .
Candidate: order the the of of a column in the <UNK> page .

Sample 9328:
Reference: convenience method to check if a specified genome is marked as exhibiting disease .
Candidate: convenience method to check if a specified genome is marked as exhibiting disease .

Sample 9329:
Reference: this method can be used to base encode the specified data .
Candidate: this method can be used to base encode the specified data .

Sample 9330:
Reference: get new implementation of dto interface .
Candidate: get new implementation of dto interface .

Sample 9331:
Reference: returns true if arc identifies a scalar object .
Candidate: returns true if arc identifies a scalar object .

Sample 9332:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9333:
Reference: add a servletcontainerinitializer instance to this web application .
Candidate: add a <UNK> container to the search s classes and adds it to the supplied path .

Sample 9334:
Reference: convert all elements into string and connect each string together to a single string following the same order of the seq .
Candidate: returns a default charseq for this string

Sample 9335:
Reference: check if it is carbon data file matching extension
Candidate: check if a valid file is a valid file with the same name as

Sample 9336:
Reference: tests whether the given character is a valid aphabetic character .
Candidate: returns true if the given character is a valid increment character .

Sample 9337:
Reference: creates a new eventlog recordbuilder
Candidate: creates a new eventlog recordbuilder by copying an existing event

Sample 9338:
Reference: stop a solr instance
Candidate: stop a solr instance

Sample 9339:
Reference: check whether an object is not empty will see if it is a string map collection etc .
Candidate: check whether an object is not empty will see if it is a string map collection etc etc .

Sample 9340:
Reference: notifies the end of the animation .
Candidate: called when the path animation end .

Sample 9341:
Reference: add new image path
Candidate: add an add path image

Sample 9342:
Reference: feel free to override this method that returns your own implementation of presentationmodelserializer .
Candidate: feel free to override this method that returns your own implementation of presentationmodelserializer .

Sample 9343:
Reference: helper parse to a jaxb object the final i . e .
Candidate: called when the response from the response response and throws an exception if it is not valid .

Sample 9344:
Reference: causes all the views to be rebuilt and redrawn .
Candidate: causes all the views to be rebuilt and redrawn .

Sample 9345:
Reference: returns a string description of the specified segment for debugging .
Candidate: returns a string description of the specified segments for debugging .

Sample 9346:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 9347:
Reference: adds an expectation for an issue s severity .
Candidate: adds an expectation for whether an issue s digit .

Sample 9348:
Reference: write the request log object of the current thread as json .
Candidate: logs the snapshot of the current thread without resetting the thread log for for

Sample 9349:
Reference: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .
Candidate: returns a new uninitialized instance of this type .

Sample 9350:
Reference: custom validation method for a given field
Candidate: called to validate contents of the contents of the field .

Sample 9351:
Reference: this method creates object of type overlayframe
Candidate: creates the overlay on the given width and height

Sample 9352:
Reference: print a linebreak to the standard output stream .
Candidate: print a value followed by a newline to the standard output stream .

Sample 9353:
Reference: registers propertychangelistener to receive events .
Candidate: registers propertychangelistener to receive events .

Sample 9354:
Reference: converts a char to an extended gsm bit table index .
Candidate: converts a char to an extended gsm bit table index .

Sample 9355:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 9356:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: the begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 9357:
Reference: validate the given assumption .
Candidate: validate the given assumption .

Sample 9358:
Reference: invoked after a new load event happened .
Candidate: invoked after a particular load event has been changed .

Sample 9359:
Reference: checks if a field is set .
Candidate: checks if a field is set .

Sample 9360:
Reference: flushes the internal buffer .
Candidate: flushes the internal buffer .

Sample 9361:
Reference: creates a new customer organization object and fills the fields with the corresponding fields from the given value object .
Candidate: converts the object in the customer object to show a customer <UNK> object .

Sample 9362:
Reference: clear the collection request making future requests incur an additional collection cycle .
Candidate: clears the request to to keep the request counter .

Sample 9363:
Reference: compile the jsp file from the current engine context .
Candidate: compile the specified procedure .

Sample 9364:
Reference: characters under level who are using a free trial cannot use the private warehouse .
Candidate: you have been kicked out of the same room .

Sample 9365:
Reference: reads diagnostic lines from the comments of a set of java file .
Candidate: reads diagnostic lines from the comments of the comments of the input diagnostic file .

Sample 9366:
Reference: returns default iron chest instance
Candidate: returns iron chest instance with the given name

Sample 9367:
Reference: format used for serializing deserializing vectors from disk default lucene .
Candidate: returns the global context format which should be used to <UNK> the map of <UNK> .

Sample 9368:
Reference: indicates whether some other object is equal to this one .
Candidate: tests the implementation of a given object .

Sample 9369:
Reference: creates a new builder using the header information and data provided .
Candidate: creates a new builder using the header information and data provided .

Sample 9370:
Reference: returns a deep copy of the receiver .
Candidate: returns a deep copy of the receiver .

Sample 9371:
Reference: add fragment dependent options to the bottom options toolbar
Candidate: called when the right menu item is clicked .

Sample 9372:
Reference: check if a string is null or empty the length is null .
Candidate: checks if string string is null or empty the length is null .

Sample 9373:
Reference: decodes asn . setof type
Candidate: decodes asn . setof type

Sample 9374:
Reference: appends the specified menu item to the end of this menu .
Candidate: appends the specified menu item to the end of this menu .

Sample 9375:
Reference: builds renderers for playback .
Candidate: builds renderers for playback .

Sample 9376:
Reference: returns the readrequest that will retrieve the relationship field using the ref id .
Candidate: the the request will lookup the relationshipfield and return the relationship requested with the requested relationship field .

Sample 9377:
Reference: set up the off screen bitmap for rendering to
Candidate: initialize ui image to the rendered font .

Sample 9378:
Reference: return groupshardsiterator where each active shard routing has it s own shard iterator .
Candidate: return <UNK> assigned each assigned shard routing to the following shard iterator .

Sample 9379:
Reference: performs any initialization of the velocity and position constraints .
Candidate: performs any initialization of the velocity and position .

Sample 9380:
Reference: notifies the object that it is being unbound from a session and identifies the session .
Candidate: the the notification that a object is being unbound from a session .

Sample 9381:
Reference: return photo sizes in a special format
Candidate: return image sizes in a special format .

Sample 9382:
Reference: saves this task to a stream that is serializes it .
Candidate: saves this task to a stream that is serializes it .

Sample 9383:
Reference: create specified number of set of data sources .
Candidate: create specified number of set of data sources .

Sample 9384:
Reference: removes all entries from the priorityqueue .
Candidate: removes all entries from this list .

Sample 9385:
Reference: prints a message at warn priority .
Candidate: prints a message at warn priority .

Sample 9386:
Reference: returns the bytes as a byte array possibly sharing the underlying byte buffer .
Candidate: the actual order to be rewritten to the oplog of a javadoc .

Sample 9387:
Reference: creates a modal dialog for the parent with the provided editor .
Candidate: creates a modal dialog for the modal widget .

Sample 9388:
Reference: handles filter results request .
Candidate: handles filter results request .

Sample 9389:
Reference: animate a pan to the specified location in absolute item space co ordinates and zoom to the given scale using the provided duration .
Candidate: animate a pan to the specified location in absolute item space co ordinates and zoom to the given scale using the provided duration .

Sample 9390:
Reference: checks if is valid .
Candidate: true if the surfacedata proxy is valid devicie .

Sample 9391:
Reference: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .
Candidate: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .

Sample 9392:
Reference: removes the given type from the cache by firing the remove event and cleaning all existing references .
Candidate: removes any when the type is in the list .

Sample 9393:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 9394:
Reference: create an instance of subjectconfirmationdataelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 9395:
Reference: report a two arguments error .
Candidate: report a no arguments error from a key .

Sample 9396:
Reference: is attachment entry a graphic
Candidate: is whether this symbol is a graphic . .

Sample 9397:
Reference: adds a vector onto this vector .
Candidate: adds a vector for this vector .

Sample 9398:
Reference: load the cache entry at the given hashed location .
Candidate: load the cache entry at the given hashed location .

Sample 9399:
Reference: release all resources .
Candidate: close all open resources and possibly up to the java . io .

Sample 9400:
Reference: shortcut to create the injector given a list of modules .
Candidate: shortcut to create the injector given a list of modules .

Sample 9401:
Reference: throws sizeexception unless matrices have the same length .
Candidate: checks if the given cell is the same length .

Sample 9402:
Reference: creates a new unknown instruction .
Candidate: create an error level instruction .

Sample 9403:
Reference: hide all buttons .
Candidate: hide all buttons and broadcasts

Sample 9404:
Reference: extracts a gtin from a gs datamatrix formatted bar code .
Candidate: creates a gtin from the given matrix with a code <UNK> .

Sample 9405:
Reference: sort the field array using a quicksort
Candidate: sort the given method as a sparse method

Sample 9406:
Reference: transfers the execution to a worker thread .
Candidate: send a thread to to the main thread count for printing .

Sample 9407:
Reference: called after a project config is updated .
Candidate: called after a project config is set .

Sample 9408:
Reference: checks whether the subpath is a subpath of the given path
Candidate: checks if this path is a svn of the given path .

Sample 9409:
Reference: resets the scroll position to the .
Candidate: resets the scroll bar to be called when the user presses .

Sample 9410:
Reference: verbose print detailed information about the execution of paddle .
Candidate: verbose print detailed information about the execution of paddle .

Sample 9411:
Reference: check if string representation of rule description contains in processed objects
Candidate: checks if the rule contains any specific description .

Sample 9412:
Reference: kick off this thread which will look for old objects and remove them .
Candidate: kick off this thread which which look for old objects and remove them .

Sample 9413:
Reference: disconnect from a provider .
Candidate: look via a provider to unsubscribe from the other provider .

Sample 9414:
Reference: clear the list of views ignored by the touch down event when mode is fullscreen .
Candidate: clear the list of views ignored by the touch down event when mode is fullscreen

Sample 9415:
Reference: returns the connection cache parameter passed by command line with the conncache option .
Candidate: returns the cache of cache entries to the <UNK> cache .

Sample 9416:
Reference: extending classes overload this method to dispose their resources .
Candidate: dispose the component to be called for the gui components of the <UNK> .

Sample 9417:
Reference: enable log compact and snapshot with the commit distance
Candidate: the zookeeper use for use in the <UNK> mode .

Sample 9418:
Reference: validates the given object and returns a list of error messages if any .
Candidate: validate in the given map using the given <UNK> field .

Sample 9419:
Reference: logs a warning message .
Candidate: logs a warning message .

Sample 9420:
Reference: turn off spin mode
Candidate: turn off spin mode

Sample 9421:
Reference: set the http . keepalive property to the given value .
Candidate: set the http . keepalive property to the given value .

Sample 9422:
Reference: put a default key in the configuration .
Candidate: put default handle in response

Sample 9423:
Reference: utility that returns the fully qualified binary class name from a path like fqcn .
Candidate: utility that returns the fully qualified binary class name from a path like fqcn .

Sample 9424:
Reference: called when the service has been started .
Candidate: called when the service has been started .

Sample 9425:
Reference: add the element to the thread local buffer .
Candidate: add element to to the thread .

Sample 9426:
Reference: moves the service to the first sub stage of the started state .
Candidate: start the service to the specified state .

Sample 9427:
Reference: creates new array snapshots on the passed storage system .
Candidate: creates a new snapshot session snapshot session to the given target volume .

Sample 9428:
Reference: creates a bitmap from the specified source scaled to have the height and width as specified .
Candidate: creates a bitmap out of seconds for the specified bitmap .

Sample 9429:
Reference: tells if parsing a java source has caused any error messages .
Candidate: tells if parsing a java source has caused any error messages .

Sample 9430:
Reference: encrypts the root element of the given xml document .
Candidate: encrypts the root element of the given xml document .

Sample 9431:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 9432:
Reference: called upon a successful scan operation
Candidate: locks the target process by scanning the query .

Sample 9433:
Reference: deletes the notes frame .
Candidate: deletes the notes frame .

Sample 9434:
Reference: determines whether site is enabled for the given server id .
Candidate: determines whether site is a site is enabled for the server side .

Sample 9435:
Reference: return a zookeeper client builder for testing .
Candidate: create a zookeeper client builder to a zookeeper client .

Sample 9436:
Reference: soft reset the machine state .
Candidate: resets re index to the initial state .

Sample 9437:
Reference: delete all rulefilter records .
Candidate: delete all logevent records .

Sample 9438:
Reference: i want to read lines from a stream .
Candidate: create a reader from a inputstream to read from the default inputstream

Sample 9439:
Reference: called every time a message is received from the network
Candidate: subclasses can override this method to perform additional processing on the specific message

Sample 9440:
Reference: is geolocation push supported
Candidate: is this location hand for which is <UNK> to be .

Sample 9441:
Reference: sets server in ssl mode .
Candidate: sets the connection to use ssl to the <UNK> server .

Sample 9442:
Reference: sets a repeating alarm that fires request registration intents .
Candidate: sets a repeating alarm that fires request registration intents .

Sample 9443:
Reference: add a unique attribute
Candidate: add a unique attribute

Sample 9444:
Reference: conveniance method to report for logging that a method returned void return type .
Candidate: conveniance method to report for logging that a method returned void return type .

Sample 9445:
Reference: gets the value of the reliablememoryaware property .
Candidate: gets the value of the native memory property .

Sample 9446:
Reference: sets the provided value as the new in memory generationid .
Candidate: calculate the id id for this future and id note that the id was created .

Sample 9447:
Reference: checks whether a value for the parameter must be set at a subscription .
Candidate: checks begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 9448:
Reference: inform monitor of a new minimum along with the current arguments .
Candidate: sets the given sample of to the minimum value .

Sample 9449:
Reference: test if the invoked figure contains the passed in figure
Candidate: performs the <UNK> implementation for the specified shape and

Sample 9450:
Reference: increment the edge represented by the input parameters creating it if it is not already in the call graph .
Candidate: increment the edge represented by the input parameters creating it if it is not already in the call graph .

Sample 9451:
Reference: converts a key to a string
Candidate: convert the key to a key based id .

Sample 9452:
Reference: use the supplied table editor to create columns for the supplied result set .
Candidate: <UNK> the data column and set the <UNK> to the .

Sample 9453:
Reference: returns whether it has the marker for deleted entries .
Candidate: returns whether it has the if present indicates that an has has been deleted .

Sample 9454:
Reference: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .
Candidate: called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state .

Sample 9455:
Reference: put a key invalidate it and the perform a put on it
Candidate: saves a world and put it to the map

Sample 9456:
Reference: creates a value to store returns null by default .
Candidate: creates the new value .

Sample 9457:
Reference: determine if the given character can be at the beginning of a proposition symbol .
Candidate: returns true if the given character is a legal identifier for the specified character .

Sample 9458:
Reference: show the target time data
Candidate: refreshes the updated time for

Sample 9459:
Reference: gets task name hash .
Candidate: task task name hash .

Sample 9460:
Reference: apply the operation to two operands and return the result .
Candidate: apply the operation to two operands and return the result .

Sample 9461:
Reference: removes a layerstatuslistene from this layer .
Candidate: remove a listener from the <UNK> listener .

Sample 9462:
Reference: sends a sms message to the given phone number
Candidate: sends a sms message to the sms channel number

Sample 9463:
Reference: create a windows hack writer using on the outputstream to send bytes .
Candidate: returns a writer writestream handles writer using the writestream to send bytes .

Sample 9464:
Reference: check if the sim pin lock is enabled .
Candidate: check if the sim pin lock is enabled .

Sample 9465:
Reference: check if the given user is belong to the given project
Candidate: checks if the user is pointing in the given project

Sample 9466:
Reference: checks if the item is available in the cache .
Candidate: checks if the item is available in the cache .

Sample 9467:
Reference: validates the annotation based on its properties .
Candidate: determines whether the given annotation is a valid properties for this properties .

Sample 9468:
Reference: checks is there is any permission request still ongoing .
Candidate: checks if the server has been already loaded and then the server .

Sample 9469:
Reference: read entries from the cache or from bookkeeper .
Candidate: read entry at given entry from the cache or from bookkeeper .

Sample 9470:
Reference: checks if this unit is currently being healed by a medic or repaired by a scv .
Candidate: checks whether the unit is able to execute targeting <UNK> .

Sample 9471:
Reference: invoked before any drawing operation is performed in this canvas .
Candidate: native frame is currently frame width .

Sample 9472:
Reference: removes all the foos where field from the database .
Candidate: removes all the foos where field from the database .

Sample 9473:
Reference: saves the given public key .
Candidate: saves the given public key .

Sample 9474:
Reference: converts hex string into a rgb array .
Candidate: convert a color to to a single angle in alternating order style .

Sample 9475:
Reference: check if there is any connectivity to a mobile network
Candidate: check if there is any connectivity to a mobile network

Sample 9476:
Reference: adds the entities from another collection to this collection .
Candidate: adds all of the elements to the collection .

Sample 9477:
Reference: as long as this returns true the query will be called every time step .
Candidate: returns whether this thread can confirm connection liveness .

Sample 9478:
Reference: get category id by given guid
Candidate: find the id id for a category to the authenticating user .

Sample 9479:
Reference: remove thsi skinspeceditor as a listener from all components .
Candidate: remove all occurances of a listener to all components .

Sample 9480:
Reference: adds a statement to this memvalue s list of statements for which it is the object .
Candidate: adds a statement to this memresource s list of statements for which it is the subject .

Sample 9481:
Reference: add the given vcf record to the statistics
Candidate: add any parse order that are the to <UNK> for the given options .

Sample 9482:
Reference: method to launch next activity i . e startintent
Candidate: this method launches the activity activity i . e .

Sample 9483:
Reference: paints the border of a tool bar .
Candidate: paints the border of a tool bar .

Sample 9484:
Reference: cast a object array to a string array
Candidate: cast a matrix to a string array of array

Sample 9485:
Reference: migrates the specified old policy environment condition to a new entitlement environment condition .
Candidate: in in the two migration property to a new entitlement subject condition in in in the in future .

Sample 9486:
Reference: check if a user is authenticated .
Candidate: check if a user is authenticated .

Sample 9487:
Reference: parses text into date time information .
Candidate: parses text into date time time .

Sample 9488:
Reference: returns a function mapping prefixes to ranges of strings .
Candidate: returns a function mapping related to a map of <UNK> .

Sample 9489:
Reference: a predicate that matches an email message with given content .
Candidate: a predicate that matches an email message with the given recipient .

Sample 9490:
Reference: returns an array containing the coefficients in variable increasing order .
Candidate: returns the coefficients coefficients of the polynomial

Sample 9491:
Reference: a method build uri to a given resource by it s relative link .
Candidate: same the uri to to a single uri part of the same source uri .

Sample 9492:
Reference: configures the special freshmark specific extension .
Candidate: called after the <UNK> is done to the <UNK> .

Sample 9493:
Reference: returns an enumeration of all the available options .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the available available options .

Sample 9494:
Reference: returns a bifunction with argument applied to the supplied quadfunction
Candidate: returns a trifunction with the applied to the supplied quadfunction

Sample 9495:
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .

Sample 9496:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 9497:
Reference: returns the double value of this float object .
Candidate: returns the double of this long as a double .

Sample 9498:
Reference: returns a string representation of this object .
Candidate: returns a string representation of the element .

Sample 9499:
Reference: to be called when the connector has become disconnected .
Candidate: called when the server is possibly connected to the server .

Sample 9500:
Reference: called when the service is connected
Candidate: called when the service is connected

Sample 9501:
Reference: gets the value of the userconfigurable property .
Candidate: gets the user s not the <UNK> property .

Sample 9502:
Reference: add the specified class to the blacklist .
Candidate: add a single node to the blacklist if current .

Sample 9503:
Reference: get whether this model is currently sorting categories .
Candidate: get whether this model is currently sorting categories .

Sample 9504:
Reference: get the raw value .
Candidate: returns the image source image with an associated image .

Sample 9505:
Reference: returns true if type is one of the known wkt types
Candidate: does this type declaration is the type type .

Sample 9506:
Reference: creates a new aggregation with the provided field name .
Candidate: get a new field and which the field to be used .

Sample 9507:
Reference: returns the raw string matched as a phone number in the searched text .
Candidate: returns the plain text representation which is enabled to a plain text string

Sample 9508:
Reference: read an integer from the input stream byte swapping as necessary
Candidate: reads an integer from the given byte stream .

Sample 9509:
Reference: returns true if a fake drag is in progress .
Candidate: returns true if a fake drag is in progress .

Sample 9510:
Reference: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time
Candidate: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time

Sample 9511:
Reference: returns true if this field is static
Candidate: is this pojoclass wraps a static field ?

Sample 9512:
Reference: output the cumulative margin distribution as a string suitable for input for gnuplot or similar package .
Candidate: returns the class string termination of the <UNK> distribution .

Sample 9513:
Reference: sets all info needed for dkim using a byte array for private key data .
Candidate: sets all info needed for dkim using a byte array for private key data .

Sample 9514:
Reference: revokes camera policy on the device .
Candidate: revokes the analytics policy to use the device policy

Sample 9515:
Reference: fires listeners when the connection will retry a reconnection .
Candidate: notify the listener that a pending changes to the power .

Sample 9516:
Reference: how to persist the serialized record
Candidate: generic method should validate the state from the underlying target .

Sample 9517:
Reference: function used to stop code that calls acceptdataset .
Candidate: function used to stop code that calls accepttrainingset .

Sample 9518:
Reference: send all queued packets .
Candidate: write the contents of to queue

Sample 9519:
Reference: marks this history as finished with thus allowing resources to be freed .
Candidate: clean up any resources associated with this iterator .

Sample 9520:
Reference: provide recipient information for any other operation .
Candidate: returns a set of of this thread

Sample 9521:
Reference: writes the logical index definitions into a table definition buffer .
Candidate: writes the index definitions into a table definition using the given options .

Sample 9522:
Reference: indicates whether this view is in filter mode .
Candidate: indicates whether this view is in filter mode .

Sample 9523:
Reference: calculates perpendicular of v rotated degrees counter clockwise cross v perp v
Candidate: are floating point in clockwise .

Sample 9524:
Reference: lazy dynamic loading of the dialogs icon .
Candidate: construct image image for the given port and height .

Sample 9525:
Reference: convert the assignment operator into a statement
Candidate: convert an assignment statement using intermediate binary .

Sample 9526:
Reference: convert a view index to model index .
Candidate: converts a view index to model index .

Sample 9527:
Reference: decrement this weight by increment .
Candidate: increment this atomic amount of increment by increment amount .

Sample 9528:
Reference: commits the provided temp file to the cache renaming it to match the cache s hashing convention .
Candidate: insert the temp file s the resource to a cache and adds it to the cache .

Sample 9529:
Reference: returns the number of key value entry pairs .
Candidate: returns the number of fields in this iterable .

Sample 9530:
Reference: creates and returns a new componenthandler .
Candidate: creates and returns a new <UNK> .

Sample 9531:
Reference: determine whether or not the given instruction is a control flow merge .
Candidate: check if we handle some event on a merge of the instruction .

Sample 9532:
Reference: handles the http get request .
Candidate: handles the http get request .

Sample 9533:
Reference: returns true if this task completed .
Candidate: returns true if this task completed .

Sample 9534:
Reference: invoked when a window is de iconified .
Candidate: invoked when a window is changed from a minimized to a normal state .

Sample 9535:
Reference: remember result of filtering .
Candidate: sends the result filter on the filter panel .

Sample 9536:
Reference: change text color of all pieces of textview .
Candidate: change text color of all pieces of textview .

Sample 9537:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9538:
Reference: this method sends a patch operation to the current service instance to move to the failed state in response to the specified exception .
Candidate: this method sends a patch operation to the current service instance to moved to the failed state in response to the specified exception .

Sample 9539:
Reference: returns a wrapper on the specified set which synchronizes all access to the set .
Candidate: returns a wrapper on the specified set which synchronizes all access to the set .

Sample 9540:
Reference: accepts a listener that will be notified when content changes .
Candidate: accepts a listener that will be notified when content changes .

Sample 9541:
Reference: displays the panel in a frame .
Candidate: displays the panel to the test .

Sample 9542:
Reference: create a redis backed report using the default configuration and name .
Candidate: create a redis backed report using the default configuration .

Sample 9543:
Reference: deletes a global instruction comment .
Candidate: deletes a global comment from an instruction .

Sample 9544:
Reference: release the semaphore which arbitrates access to the editor
Candidate: release the semaphore which arbitrates access to the editor

Sample 9545:
Reference: check if local install config failed .
Candidate: indicates if the <UNK> failed to be failed and the <UNK> of the serverlauncher .

Sample 9546:
Reference: offset needed to return a specific subset of friends .
Candidate: number of friends to return a specific subset of friends .

Sample 9547:
Reference: returns true if pinch zoom is enabled false if not
Candidate: returns true if pinch zoom is enabled false if not

Sample 9548:
Reference: creates the default probability density test expected values
Candidate: creates the default density test expected values

Sample 9549:
Reference: creates and returns the directeditrequest .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> to the unused cell and pass the overhead .

Sample 9550:
Reference: called when an attr node has been removed .
Candidate: called when an attr node has been removed .

Sample 9551:
Reference: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration
Candidate: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration

Sample 9552:
Reference: resolve relative url s and fix a java . net . url error in handling of urls with pure query targets .
Candidate: resolve relative url and fix a java . net . url error in pure instead of urls with pure query targets .

Sample 9553:
Reference: returns the class of the dao .
Candidate: gets the results of this class that is not mapped .

Sample 9554:
Reference: asynchronously retrieves the current page s source code .
Candidate: visits the source of the class .

Sample 9555:
Reference: returns true if this set has no elements .
Candidate: is the heap empty ?

Sample 9556:
Reference: called when track removed
Candidate: called when called every track media has been removed from the player .

Sample 9557:
Reference: action triggered when an keymap is selected .
Candidate: called when the bean is selected for an <UNK> .

Sample 9558:
Reference: inside jbbpout . bin command creates cached list of fields of a saved class the method allows to reset the inside cache .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> class to clear the cache of the <UNK> cache .

Sample 9559:
Reference: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
Candidate: generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .

Sample 9560:
Reference: asynchronous task are running in separate threads not related to server ticking threads .
Candidate: gets begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 9561:
Reference: clear all the cookies from the session .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 9562:
Reference: bind positional double value to compiled sqlite statement .
Candidate: bind positional double value to compiled sqlite statement .

Sample 9563:
Reference: creates a stateful hash function using the given parameters .
Candidate: returns a new stateful hash function provides version of the hash function .

Sample 9564:
Reference: find a list of files in a directory using a specified path pattern .
Candidate: find a file with the specified name in a given directory .

Sample 9565:
Reference: calculates the segment number for a given millisecond .
Candidate: calculate the segment number of segments for this segment .

Sample 9566:
Reference: returns a copy of this write transformation but using the specified create disposition .
Candidate: creates a write transformation if write but write the specified key for creating to be written .

Sample 9567:
Reference: returns true if the domservice can determine the association between the obj and the underlying dom in the browser .
Candidate: returns whether this can can handle this object .

Sample 9568:
Reference: returns the next character that marks the beginning of the next token .
Candidate: returns the next character that marks the beginning of the next token .

Sample 9569:
Reference: returns the entry at the end of the queue .
Candidate: invoked the entry to the end of the queue .

Sample 9570:
Reference: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .
Candidate: returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores .

Sample 9571:
Reference: compute the vector cardinality uncached !
Candidate: return the number of bits in bit vector .

Sample 9572:
Reference: write the filterbuilder for an or filter
Candidate: subclassed an <UNK> to the likes

Sample 9573:
Reference: checks whether the service is loading the entries
Candidate: returns whether the module is currently being loaded from the database .

Sample 9574:
Reference: returns number of handles registered in table .
Candidate: returns the number of key value mappings in this table .

Sample 9575:
Reference: creates a local calendar .
Candidate: creates a local local date for all images keys .

Sample 9576:
Reference: checks that the given label is not null .
Candidate: checks that the given label is not null .

Sample 9577:
Reference: creates and returns a new table tool bar parameters wrapper .
Candidate: creates a color bar for the the shadow menu or the the text search text .

Sample 9578:
Reference: removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by the user .
Candidate: removes a listener for receiving information about selection changes .

Sample 9579:
Reference: this method is called when executing this application from the command line .
Candidate: starts the command line utility for this test .

Sample 9580:
Reference: searches for filtered roles in this organization using wildcards .
Candidate: searches for filtered roles in this organization using wildcards .

Sample 9581:
Reference: indicates whether this placemark participates in global text decluttering .
Candidate: indicates whether this text should participate in decluttering .

Sample 9582:
Reference: rolls back a named transaction by rolling back to a savepoint with the given name .
Candidate: looks for a named object in the distributed savepoint with the given name .

Sample 9583:
Reference: increment the counter by a set amount .
Candidate: increment this delta by this delta

Sample 9584:
Reference: gets the value of the multiple property .
Candidate: tests if this instance definition .

Sample 9585:
Reference: removes the mapping at the given index .
Candidate: removes the mapping at the given index .

Sample 9586:
Reference: verify that key is a legal value for the horizontalalignment properties .
Candidate: verify that key is a legal value for the <UNK> properties .

Sample 9587:
Reference: writes the provided unbind request .
Candidate: writes the provided ldap response to using the search request .

Sample 9588:
Reference: returns a synchronized priority queue backed by the specified priority queue using an assigned object to synchronize .
Candidate: returns a synchronized priority queue backed by the specified priority queue .

Sample 9589:
Reference: encodes a frame of audio . br
Candidate: encodes a frame of audio . br

Sample 9590:
Reference: write the node or leaf onto the appropriate output channel .
Candidate: write the <UNK> count of oldnode and return the <UNK> as a leaf node .

Sample 9591:
Reference: logs out all signed in users without popping up logout confirmation message .
Candidate: logs out all users that are not to the user s account .

Sample 9592:
Reference: populate our state store with some common configuration items such as the sdk location and the gradle configuration .
Candidate: initializes the state that applies to the state of the application .

Sample 9593:
Reference: gets all of the parameter values that are defined as static constants in this class .
Candidate: gets all of the parameter values that are defined as static constants in this class .

Sample 9594:
Reference: returns the id associated with this record id .
Candidate: returns the unique id of this type node .

Sample 9595:
Reference: appends part of an xml document .
Candidate: appends part of an xml document .

Sample 9596:
Reference: returns the types that are classes .
Candidate: returns the types that are classes .

Sample 9597:
Reference: if throwable is a runtimeexception or error rewrap and throw it .
Candidate: if a throwable is a or throws <UNK> error and exception .

Sample 9598:
Reference: list all files and directories inside a directory
Candidate: call the <UNK> to generate a single of <UNK>

Sample 9599:
Reference: returns true if the email address is in the right format
Candidate: check if an email address is valid

Sample 9600:
Reference: get a cloned axeswalker .
Candidate: get a cloned axeswalker .

Sample 9601:
Reference: get index of the specified command line argument .
Candidate: returns the index of the first occurrence of a specific string .

Sample 9602:
Reference: group fields to return .
Candidate: profile fields to return .

Sample 9603:
Reference: returns whether the field is an enum with a single value .
Candidate: determines if the field is currently ordered to field with the same field as a constant .

Sample 9604:
Reference: for redirecting pings to a different update site .
Candidate: helper method for synthesizing a cached url .

Sample 9605:
Reference: returns a float promise
Candidate: returns a float float to be static float .

Sample 9606:
Reference: returns whether the given url is the current contextual search url .
Candidate: returns whether the given url is the current contextual search url .

Sample 9607:
Reference: configures the setting component .
Candidate: override the custom subsequent component .

Sample 9608:
Reference: add a row group that is linked to a given property
Candidate: add a new property that will be called to a given name

Sample 9609:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 9610:
Reference: one based jan st
Candidate: get the day of year

Sample 9611:
Reference: checks if a segment contains another segment in itself
Candidate: determines whether is is present for a non collection segment range .

Sample 9612:
Reference: append an element to the bodydecl list .
Candidate: append an element to the bodydecl list .

Sample 9613:
Reference: this methods receives the path to a file parses it and returns a timedtextobject
Candidate: this methods receives the path to a file parses it and returns a timedtextobject

Sample 9614:
Reference: footer second icon color
Candidate: footer second icon color

Sample 9615:
Reference: returns true if name registration succeeds .
Candidate: returns true if the registration is registration is a success .

Sample 9616:
Reference: the user is attempting to close the searchview .
Candidate: the user is attempting to close the searchview .

Sample 9617:
Reference: deselects the the highlighted text .
Candidate: notifies the area of this filter is selected .

Sample 9618:
Reference: fire a component removed event .
Candidate: fire a new pane from this list .

Sample 9619:
Reference: generates a delete by id xml string
Candidate: generates a delete by id xml string

Sample 9620:
Reference: assertion for text printed by tags echo
Candidate: assertion for text printed by tags echo

Sample 9621:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented parameter type for the unspecified type parameter .

Sample 9622:
Reference: returns true if there is a description for this db .
Candidate: checks whether there is a description for the recipe .

Sample 9623:
Reference: adds a member to this group .
Candidate: adds a member to this group .

Sample 9624:
Reference: returns true if field afterid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field afterid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 9625:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9626:
Reference: remove all map icon from this meta .
Candidate: remove map map from this meta .

Sample 9627:
Reference: normalize the axis vector .
Candidate: normalize this vector f returns a axis of of data vector .

Sample 9628:
Reference: asynchronously fetches app link information that might have been stored for use after installation of the app
Candidate: asynchronously fetches app link information that might have been stored for use after installation of the app

Sample 9629:
Reference: start inline editing of the selected annotation .
Candidate: changes the selected component to the gui and <UNK> the gui .

Sample 9630:
Reference: returns a test that will run each of the implementation specific test suites in turn .
Candidate: returns a test that will run each of the implementation specific test suites in turn .

Sample 9631:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 9632:
Reference: show the available completions .
Candidate: show the available completions .

Sample 9633:
Reference: take ownership of this window s inputqueue .
Candidate: removes the input input queue for this thread and returns true if this room is not .

Sample 9634:
Reference: un register service for a amro profile .
Candidate: unregister a register for the specified organization and notifies .

Sample 9635:
Reference: what a terrible failure report a condition that should never happen .
Candidate: what a terrible failure that a player s error .

Sample 9636:
Reference: called when an item in the navigation drawer is selected .
Candidate: called when an item in the navigation drawer is selected .

Sample 9637:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when scrolling started .

Sample 9638:
Reference: this method is used to create an imageicon class of any image resource to set it to any swing components .
Candidate: returns an imageicon or null if the path was null .

Sample 9639:
Reference: returns the log compact index .
Candidate: returns the leader s commit index .

Sample 9640:
Reference: return the natural logarithm ln a as it relates to math . e .
Candidate: return the common base dump log a .

Sample 9641:
Reference: format a message for writing to the log .
Candidate: useful code for converting the values to to a format of the <UNK> .

Sample 9642:
Reference: if supported conversion strategy is found converts object from one type to another .
Candidate: convert the provided object of an object to an object of type t .

Sample 9643:
Reference: all blit implementors must have this invoker method
Candidate: all <UNK> objects must have this invoker method

Sample 9644:
Reference: called on any incoming error message throwable .
Candidate: called when an error occurs during the error .

Sample 9645:
Reference: reads a signed short value in the given byte array .
Candidate: reads a signed short value in the given byte array .

Sample 9646:
Reference: creates an entity instance of the type .
Candidate: creates an entity definition instance corresponding to the given definition instance .

Sample 9647:
Reference: this method stops fragment injection in malicious applications .
Candidate: this method stops fragment injection in malicious applications .

Sample 9648:
Reference: defaults to type text type .
Candidate: defaults to type text type .

Sample 9649:
Reference: gibt zurueck ob exception durch die implementierte klasse abgehandelt werden oder nicht
Candidate: if to determine if the log has an event . the console .

Sample 9650:
Reference: accept a visitor and call the appropriate method for this class .
Candidate: accept a visitor and call the appropriate method for this class .

Sample 9651:
Reference: uploads a local file or directory to the device .
Candidate: uploads a local file or directory to the device .

Sample 9652:
Reference: dispatches call on the actual target type .
Candidate: visitor to accept the given value on this transformation .

Sample 9653:
Reference: return true if the current state can be terminated .
Candidate: return true if the current state can be terminated .

Sample 9654:
Reference: moves to the previous result .
Candidate: move cursor to the previous row .

Sample 9655:
Reference: checks if explicit namespace defined got object or namespace element
Candidate: returns whether if this is a distinct namespace for the <UNK> .

Sample 9656:
Reference: removes an attribute from this request
Candidate: remove in in in the info .

Sample 9657:
Reference: returns true if the control should keep it s aspect .
Candidate: determines if the video is enabled to the the user .

Sample 9658:
Reference: shows the window speficied by its title .
Candidate: show the config window using the specified key and scales .

Sample 9659:
Reference: called when the system is about to start resuming a previous activity .
Candidate: called when the system is about to start resuming a previous activity .

Sample 9660:
Reference: called when an update started .
Candidate: called when an update started .

Sample 9661:
Reference: use jdbc template preparedstatement to execute an sql command with values
Candidate: execute a single sql entry table . table table .

Sample 9662:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9663:
Reference: this method releases all in memory resources used by the videoeditor instance .
Candidate: releases any allocated resources .

Sample 9664:
Reference: validate current user param and sign .
Candidate: validate current user and sign .

Sample 9665:
Reference: checks if imageloader s configuration was initialized
Candidate: checks if imageloader s configuration was initialized

Sample 9666:
Reference: read an entire file into a string ignoring any leading or trailing whitespace .
Candidate: read the contents of a file with the given base and strips them as a .

Sample 9667:
Reference: no arguments to process so this does nothing .
Candidate: no arguments to process so this does nothing .

Sample 9668:
Reference: close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Candidate: close the given cursor and remove it from the map

Sample 9669:
Reference: returns whether the document is currently being sampled .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is <UNK> enough to be replaced .

Sample 9670:
Reference: tell if the table contains the given string .
Candidate: tell if the table contains the given string .

Sample 9671:
Reference: returns the values that are active at the moment .
Candidate: returns the values that are active at the moment .

Sample 9672:
Reference: remove a name whose name is informed in parameter .
Candidate: removes a persistent whose name has been informed with the given name .

Sample 9673:
Reference: get a connector id to use in log and exception msgs
Candidate: get a connector id .

Sample 9674:
Reference: empty the picture set .
Candidate: set set set set .

Sample 9675:
Reference: returns whether it has the value .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 9676:
Reference: show the controller on screen .
Candidate: show the controller on screen .

Sample 9677:
Reference: perform this action on a session state .
Candidate: execute the action against the perform state .

Sample 9678:
Reference: moves the iterator to the next segment of the path forwards along the primary direction of traversal as long as there are more points in that direction .
Candidate: moves the iterator to the next segment of the path forwards along the primary direction of traversal as long as there are more points in that direction .

Sample 9679:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9680:
Reference: returns if the logentry s comment matches the given comment string .
Candidate: report the filter comment for the given template string .

Sample 9681:
Reference: check whether debug message level is set
Candidate: return true if the message message is enabled .

Sample 9682:
Reference: send the xpressnet message to set the momentary state of locomotive functions f f f f f
Candidate: send the xpressnet message to set in the state of locomotive functions

Sample 9683:
Reference: evaluate the arcosine of a single parameter .
Candidate: evaluate the arcsecant of a single parameter .

Sample 9684:
Reference: sync data to disk .
Candidate: forces this to to synchronize synchronize with the underlying the underlying device .

Sample 9685:
Reference: overrides contenttitle in the big form of the template .
Candidate: set the title title title to the cache .

Sample 9686:
Reference: serialize a baggagemessage to a byte string returning an empty bytestring if the provided message is null or invalid
Candidate: serialize a baggagemessage protobuf message and append it to a byte array .

Sample 9687:
Reference: setting the path where the interceptor e . g com . bladejava . interceptor
Candidate: setting the <UNK> static properties of the application .

Sample 9688:
Reference: deletes an omnibox suggestion if possible .
Candidate: deletes an omnibox suggestion if possible .

Sample 9689:
Reference: reloads the editor contents from the source component and resets the modified flag
Candidate: resets the buffer . the current component .

Sample 9690:
Reference: sets the port on which the directory server listens for ldap communication .
Candidate: sets the server port to use for the given port .

Sample 9691:
Reference: return an nickname of the localization service
Candidate: unique trigger value for this filter

Sample 9692:
Reference: searches for the option by the option s value and selects it .
Candidate: searches for the radio by the label and selects it .

Sample 9693:
Reference: returns whether a node supports this command class .
Candidate: returns true if the command class is supported by the endpoint

Sample 9694:
Reference: profile fields to return .
Candidate: profile fields to return .

Sample 9695:
Reference: adds a dependency to the current environment .
Candidate: adds a dependency to the environment environment .

Sample 9696:
Reference: returns if the selection list is currently shown
Candidate: returns if the selection list is currently shown

Sample 9697:
Reference: reset the sources to the state they were before the user made any changes .
Candidate: reset the modifications to the initial that have been made by the user since the last save .

Sample 9698:
Reference: a method clustering a set of objects given a distance calculator upon pairs of these objects .
Candidate: a method clustering a set of objects which a a distance calculator upon pairs of pairs pairs .

Sample 9699:
Reference: remove entry for the specified key
Candidate: remove entry for the specified key

Sample 9700:
Reference: deprecated replaced by setenabled boolean .
Candidate: deprecated replaced by setenabled boolean .

Sample 9701:
Reference: returns true if can zoom out .
Candidate: shows out zoom level can be out out of the zoom .

Sample 9702:
Reference: gets the index of the split if present otherwise
Candidate: gets the index of two given in the system

Sample 9703:
Reference: evaluate the subtraction of parameters .
Candidate: evaluate the subtraction of parameters .

Sample 9704:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 9705:
Reference: helper method for the user so they can access the map
Candidate: this method will return the annotation annotation for this annotation .

Sample 9706:
Reference: this method is called to notify you that the specified object has been attached to the specified range of the text .
Candidate: called when the filter when a new range is changed .

Sample 9707:
Reference: indicates if the given row is fixed and so will not have its position changed by any layout or distortion actions .
Candidate: indicates if the given row is fixed and so will position have its position changed by any layout or distortion actions .

Sample 9708:
Reference: update an existing record with new values .
Candidate: updates a record record .

Sample 9709:
Reference: adds a server to evaluate .
Candidate: add a new server to the server

Sample 9710:
Reference: construct a pbagx from an publisher
Candidate: construct a pbagx from an publisher

Sample 9711:
Reference: determines if a specified record number is selected .
Candidate: returns a if a specified record number is selected .

Sample 9712:
Reference: attribute exchange doesn t implement authentication services .
Candidate: simple registration doesn t implement authentication services .

Sample 9713:
Reference: handles the parser callbacks when a command is created .
Candidate: called to a client command .

Sample 9714:
Reference: gets whether this classifier correctly classifies an instance .
Candidate: gets whether this classifier correctly an <UNK> instance is able to send the <UNK> .

Sample 9715:
Reference: removes a schema element selection listener .
Candidate: removes an schema element listener .

Sample 9716:
Reference: create scene with predefined style .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> and contains a canonical string

Sample 9717:
Reference: signals that all search related changes should be cleared .
Candidate: clears the search i . e .

Sample 9718:
Reference: get the total size of the array
Candidate: get the size of the array

Sample 9719:
Reference: loop the system until idle
Candidate: loop the system until idle

Sample 9720:
Reference: writes b . length bytes from the specified byte array to this file output stream .
Candidate: method that writes a byte array to the output stream .

Sample 9721:
Reference: this method will called every second when the clock tick .
Candidate: callback fired on regular interval .

Sample 9722:
Reference: returns byte from given array of nibbles .
Candidate: returns byte from given array of nibbles .

Sample 9723:
Reference: execute the element s primary function .
Candidate: this is the normal call when xsl fallback is instantiated .

Sample 9724:
Reference: evaluate the model at the specified point .
Candidate: returns the evaluation coordinates for the specified workflow unit .

Sample 9725:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 9726:
Reference: called when project type selected .
Candidate: called when the user selected selection changes to the project .

Sample 9727:
Reference: apply the result points order correction due to mirroring .
Candidate: apply the result points order correction due to mirroring .

Sample 9728:
Reference: called when the resource load for a navigation fails or is canceled .
Candidate: invoked when the error occurs to loading media error .

Sample 9729:
Reference: teleport a player to a specific player
Candidate: teleport teleports to to the player entity

Sample 9730:
Reference: creates a new hidden acceleration image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .
Candidate: creates a new managed image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .

Sample 9731:
Reference: gets objectidentifier oid from string representation .
Candidate: gets objectidentifier oid from string representation .

Sample 9732:
Reference: this utility method checks whether a particular object is null or not .
Candidate: tests if a pointer object is null null null .

Sample 9733:
Reference: creates the parent directory of the file with the current zoom level set in the zoomlevelinfo .
Candidate: formats the parent directory given a root directory and displays if zoom level x and y .

Sample 9734:
Reference: deletes the token from the oauth provider s store with the specified identifier .
Candidate: performs a new user related token using the given token id and token context .

Sample 9735:
Reference: performs a motif refinement starting with a specific motif partition cell color that needs refinement
Candidate: calculate the settings color for the given cell in the <UNK> .

Sample 9736:
Reference: convenience method to determine if os is linux .
Candidate: checks if os is testing .

Sample 9737:
Reference: returns the underlying file object .
Candidate: not the randomaccessfile .

Sample 9738:
Reference: removes all of the elements from this set .
Candidate: removes all of the elements from this set .

Sample 9739:
Reference: set update resultset right on multiple rewrite .
Candidate: rewrite update of right when multiple rewrite .

Sample 9740:
Reference: enables object replacement for this stream .
Candidate: enables object replacement for this stream .

Sample 9741:
Reference: moves the position to the given location .
Candidate: adds a single to a single path to the end of new path .

Sample 9742:
Reference: applies this operator to the given operand .
Candidate: applies this operator to the given operand .

Sample 9743:
Reference: removes all instances from the set .
Candidate: removes the member only dataset by its . .

Sample 9744:
Reference: packages and task stack
Candidate: determines if the given resource is belongs to a package name .

Sample 9745:
Reference: used internally for adding view .
Candidate: used internally for adding view .

Sample 9746:
Reference: writes the specified byte to this byte array output stream .
Candidate: write a specified byte .

Sample 9747:
Reference: returns whether this parser will parse tags and invoke element handlers .
Candidate: returns whether this parser will parse any parse invoke message .

Sample 9748:
Reference: notify listeners that an object removed attribute s .
Candidate: fire the object added by the <UNK> object s .

Sample 9749:
Reference: returns the associated key type .
Candidate: returns the associated key type .

Sample 9750:
Reference: check if a player is engaged with another player .
Candidate: is if player player is active for this player .

Sample 9751:
Reference: compute the distance of the given agent to the outer sphere perimeter of this agent .
Candidate: compute the distance of the given agent to the outer sphere perimeter of this agent .

Sample 9752:
Reference: initialization of the servlet .
Candidate: initialization of the servlet .

Sample 9753:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 9754:
Reference: check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
Candidate: check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .

Sample 9755:
Reference: get the last modified date of a file
Candidate: get the last modified date of a file

Sample 9756:
Reference: provides access to a jdbc connection managed by fluentjdbc for low level operations
Candidate: gets the connection that will attempt to connect to a new query .

Sample 9757:
Reference: returns the lower case equivalent for the specified character if the character is an upper case letter .
Candidate: returns the lower case equivalent for the specified character if the character is an upper case letter .

Sample 9758:
Reference: requests focus to this top level .
Candidate: sends the x focus focus to the display window

Sample 9759:
Reference: gets the number of samples per frame from an opus packet . br
Candidate: gets the number of samples per frame from an opus packet . br

Sample 9760:
Reference: guess if a chars array is in the rtl direction or not .
Candidate: guess if a chars array is in the rtl direction or not .

Sample 9761:
Reference: returns true if the entry does not contain method and data field accessors .
Candidate: checks if the meta type is of a type or null if not .

Sample 9762:
Reference: gets the number of fields in this partial which is two .
Candidate: gets the number of fields in this partial which is four .

Sample 9763:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 9764:
Reference: encrypt decrypt something in place
Candidate: calculate the actual data in the current chunk of the block .

Sample 9765:
Reference: returns the term of the log entry preceding the new entry .
Candidate: returns the candidate s last log last .

Sample 9766:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 9767:
Reference: updates an access token .
Candidate: updates the authorization access token in the oauth provider is present .

Sample 9768:
Reference: generate a sound event with the probability of sound probability if the previous sound event happened long enough ago .
Candidate: send the world sound to the <UNK> list if no longer want to receive the .

Sample 9769:
Reference: specifies the partition of the graph to read from .
Candidate: specifies the partition of the graph to read from .

Sample 9770:
Reference: decode the text .
Candidate: decode the p string instead of the header encoded to a string .

Sample 9771:
Reference: the method executed when this command is used .
Candidate: executes the action and return the callback of the specified command .

Sample 9772:
Reference: returns a byte array which is the contents of the metaimage source s data i . e .
Candidate: returns the metaimage object that is the same type argument .

Sample 9773:
Reference: prints a group of layers a list of lists of neurons typically for debugging .
Candidate: prints a list of all components to a system .

Sample 9774:
Reference: complete plug in configuration .
Candidate: perform all component .

Sample 9775:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters to the calling method .

Sample 9776:
Reference: this method will add a new announcement to the list
Candidate: add a comment to the cache in <UNK>

Sample 9777:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 9778:
Reference: given a method signature returns a substring denoting the method name .
Candidate: return a java field of the same method name .

Sample 9779:
Reference: detach all storage export groups fileshare exports that are used by a vcenter .
Candidate: detach the collection export groups for a particular host .

Sample 9780:
Reference: get the entropy of the first clustering using log .
Candidate: get the information for normalized information

Sample 9781:
Reference: convert a string containing space separated pairs of comma separated decimal lat lon pairs into a geo array .
Candidate: converts a given string to the x and y coordinate if the .

Sample 9782:
Reference: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .
Candidate: called when the float view is dropped lets you perform any necessary cleanup .

Sample 9783:
Reference: return a new netmember representing current host
Candidate: return a new netmember representing current host

Sample 9784:
Reference: returns true if the relevance score is needed to sort documents .
Candidate: check if any fields are nullable .

Sample 9785:
Reference: below threshold not flapping .
Candidate: threshold threshold flapping automatically flapping .

Sample 9786:
Reference: returns the total number of documents that are included with this merge .
Candidate: returns the total number of docs in the last round

Sample 9787:
Reference: returns the capacity of the vector .
Candidate: returns the vector s size and sets its size to zero .

Sample 9788:
Reference: performs the actual evaluation .
Candidate: returns the system statistics which should be called at the time .

Sample 9789:
Reference: called when the renderer is enabled .
Candidate: called when the renderer is enabled .

Sample 9790:
Reference: check whether the given volume is vmax volume and vmax managed by smi . .
Candidate: check if a consistency group is a <UNK> group of mirrors .

Sample 9791:
Reference: returns a flag indicating whether or not volume bars are drawn on the chart .
Candidate: return true if the is is needed to draw the texture .

Sample 9792:
Reference: clears the picked state from all elements .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 9793:
Reference: returns the number of items in this queue .
Candidate: returns the number of key value pairs in this symbol table .

Sample 9794:
Reference: ask the thread to shut down
Candidate: ask the thread to shut down

Sample 9795:
Reference: executes a jdbc query .
Candidate: executes a query based on the jdbc method .

Sample 9796:
Reference: loads a matrix from a file into this matrix .
Candidate: load the data from the storage file

Sample 9797:
Reference: set the distributedlog client used for multi stream writer .
Candidate: set the distributedlog client used for multi stream writer .

Sample 9798:
Reference: compute the dot product of two vectors .
Candidate: compute the dot product of two vectors .

Sample 9799:
Reference: adds an active line range listener to this text area .
Candidate: adds an active line range listener to this text area .

Sample 9800:
Reference: indicates whether the specified character is an iso control character .
Candidate: indicates whether the specified character is an iso control character .

Sample 9801:
Reference: definitional formula for population variance
Candidate: computes the average value for the given double value .

Sample 9802:
Reference: differentiate so we can avoid having creation events for regions map operations and other implicit new st events during rendering .
Candidate: differentiate so we can avoid having creation events for regions map operations and other implicit new st events during rendering .

Sample 9803:
Reference: saves expected results associated with the specified identifier .
Candidate: saves expected results associated with the specified identifier .

Sample 9804:
Reference: returns the weight of the minimum cut .
Candidate: returns the sum of the edge weights in a minimum spanning tree or forest .

Sample 9805:
Reference: increases the progress returns the overflown progress .
Candidate: increases the progress returns the <UNK> progress .

Sample 9806:
Reference: flip the current press state
Candidate: toggles the default press state

Sample 9807:
Reference: handler for when an image was successfully loaded .
Candidate: handler for when an image was successfully loaded .

Sample 9808:
Reference: this method converts the datasource to a resource and then builds the xml entry based on that .
Candidate: convert the <UNK> to a cache file and returns the latest version of the .

Sample 9809:
Reference: return the depth i . e .
Candidate: gets the depth in the query .

Sample 9810:
Reference: move the cursor to the last row .
Candidate: move the cursor to the last row .

Sample 9811:
Reference: required sets the url of the voice recording for the result
Candidate: optional sets the url of the inline url to be sent as the result .

Sample 9812:
Reference: compares the results of the control and cloud clients .
Candidate: compares the results of the control flow and adds a <UNK> .

Sample 9813:
Reference: returns whether this socket is connected to a remote host .
Candidate: returns whether this socket is connected to a remote host .

Sample 9814:
Reference: indicates whether a particular flag is set or not .
Candidate: indicates whether a particular flag is set .

Sample 9815:
Reference: executed when the right mouse down is pressed on this widget .
Candidate: notification when the mouse button is clicked .

Sample 9816:
Reference: casts a object to a integer
Candidate: casts a to to an integer

Sample 9817:
Reference: add a tab to the dialog .
Candidate: adds a new tab to the tabbed pane

Sample 9818:
Reference: get the type of the wrapped object .
Candidate: get the type of the wrapped object .

Sample 9819:
Reference: initializes the effective key bit size .
Candidate: replace the key key value for a key dimension .

Sample 9820:
Reference: should we merge distinct entities or not based on the global configuration unless overridden locally
Candidate: checks if the <UNK> is too useful for all markers in the same namespace or not .

Sample 9821:
Reference: parses a mvhd atom defined in returning the timescale for the movie .
Candidate: parses a mvhd atom defined in returning the timescale for the movie .

Sample 9822:
Reference: called to release everything .
Candidate: called to release everything .

Sample 9823:
Reference: checks if the given string is a target language keyword
Candidate: checks whether the given string is a keyword .

Sample 9824:
Reference: create a metric that can be incremented and decremented and is aggregated by taking the sum .
Candidate: create a metric that can be incremented and decremented and is aggregated by taking the sum .

Sample 9825:
Reference: record that a local variable got checked to be null .
Candidate: marks the internal representation got definitely assigned to the given <UNK> .

Sample 9826:
Reference: set this vector to be the cross product of this and v .
Candidate: calculates the cross product of this vector .

Sample 9827:
Reference: parse the media and local art asynchronously .
Candidate: parse the media and local art asynchronously .

Sample 9828:
Reference: create an unresolved reference to a field .
Candidate: create an unresolved reference to a field .

Sample 9829:
Reference: deletes a person group .
Candidate: deletes the group group from a channel .

Sample 9830:
Reference: returns whether the text is a closing html tag or not .
Candidate: returns whether the not this tag is a warning tag or not .

Sample 9831:
Reference: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .

Sample 9832:
Reference: used internally for adding view .
Candidate: used internally for adding view .

Sample 9833:
Reference: responsible for generating the animations that shows more of the selected tab .
Candidate: responsible for generating the animations that shows more of the selected tab .

Sample 9834:
Reference: returns true if the object is mutable
Candidate: checks if the object is mutable

Sample 9835:
Reference: saves the instances i to an arff file with name being filename note . arff should be included .
Candidate: saves the given <UNK> to the temporary folder and waits up to the .

Sample 9836:
Reference: returns true if field i thing is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field i thing is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 9837:
Reference: checks for the presence of custom potion effects .
Candidate: checks for the presence of custom potion effects .

Sample 9838:
Reference: sample method with wildcards .
Candidate: called when the method is implemented by the <UNK> method and

Sample 9839:
Reference: multiplies all components of this color with the given value .
Candidate: multiplies this quaternion by the color and attempt to

Sample 9840:
Reference: adds a separator to the tail .
Candidate: adds a separator to the tail .

Sample 9841:
Reference: reconstitutes this task from a stream that is deserializes it .
Candidate: reconstitutes this task from a stream that is deserializes it .

Sample 9842:
Reference: increases the count of producings for the given item
Candidate: increment the count of count for the given item

Sample 9843:
Reference: returns the request as an xml document string based on the liberty request schema .
Candidate: returns the string representation of this object .

Sample 9844:
Reference: ifne is not a logical function .
Candidate: min is not a logical function .

Sample 9845:
Reference: users need to provide conversion of tuple to message
Candidate: processes the tuple to tuple .

Sample 9846:
Reference: returns a string that displays and identifies this object s properties .
Candidate: returns a string that displays and identifies this object s properties .

Sample 9847:
Reference: encodes a multistream opus frame from floating point input . br
Candidate: encodes a multistream opus frame from floating point input . br

Sample 9848:
Reference: indicates if the user has privileged access .
Candidate: indicates whether the user has been granted administrator privileges .

Sample 9849:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 9850:
Reference: tests whether dtm dom implementation implements a specific feature and that feature is supported by this node .
Candidate: tests whether the dom implementation implements a specific feature and that feature is supported by this node as specified in .

Sample 9851:
Reference: simple debug logging of stats .
Candidate: simple debug logging of stats .

Sample 9852:
Reference: execute the command asynchronously .
Candidate: executes a new intent that will be called on the <UNK> thread .

Sample 9853:
Reference: puts the first item in the center in full screen .
Candidate: navigate to the popup menu item to the moment .

Sample 9854:
Reference: prints out the version string for the directory server .
Candidate: print the version possibly to the output stream .

Sample 9855:
Reference: returns true if any of the exceptions that caused this exception are of the specified type .
Candidate: this method determines if a subclass is to be executed by this type .

Sample 9856:
Reference: called when the search is complete .
Candidate: called when the search is complete .

Sample 9857:
Reference: cast a double value to a short value primitive value type
Candidate: cast a double value to a short value primitive value type

Sample 9858:
Reference: removes a logging appender .
Candidate: removes a logging appender .

Sample 9859:
Reference: determine if there is an existing test case covering this goal
Candidate: determine if statement is already present in the fast query .

Sample 9860:
Reference: set the scope id of a subtree
Candidate: updates the minimum state of a update tree for a global tree .

Sample 9861:
Reference: writes the tail of the map to the stream .
Candidate: writes the tail of the map to the stream .

Sample 9862:
Reference: allow configuration of default headers .
Candidate: stores the default message to to be the same as a bundle .

Sample 9863:
Reference: returns whether it has the whether step is required for this goal .
Candidate: returns whether this step is a step step for the <UNK> step .

Sample 9864:
Reference: sets a new index value .
Candidate: sets to an event with a new index .

Sample 9865:
Reference: retrieves a single page of entries given an atom link .
Candidate: retrieves a single page of entries given an atom link .

Sample 9866:
Reference: determines if the wait period has been long enough to service te request .
Candidate: check if the <UNK> is too long enough for the current time on the .

Sample 9867:
Reference: create the entire extends bound with no missing information for wildcard .
Candidate: performs the entire exception of the required information for wildcard .

Sample 9868:
Reference: tests if network is available .
Candidate: check network manager require available .

Sample 9869:
Reference: puts an unsigned single byte into the buffer at the specified position .
Candidate: puts unsigned unsigned byte into a byte buffer at the specified index .

Sample 9870:
Reference: create a volume slider for the master channel .
Candidate: creates a list containing volume to listen for the same host .

Sample 9871:
Reference: add a preconfigured variable .
Candidate: adds a new variable to the servlet context .

Sample 9872:
Reference: draw the image on the canvas based on the view attributes
Candidate: draw the image properties .

Sample 9873:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 9874:
Reference: a new active memory was added .
Candidate: add the <UNK> data to the active memory .

Sample 9875:
Reference: called after the document changed occurred .
Candidate: called after the document changed occurred .

Sample 9876:
Reference: rotate the image by the specified degrees around a pivot point .
Candidate: rotate the image by the specified degrees around a pivot point .

Sample 9877:
Reference: reduce the specified columns by counting the number of unique values
Candidate: returns the high columns of the specified value

Sample 9878:
Reference: invoke a javascript before unload dialog .
Candidate: check if the given virtual machine is to be added to the server .

Sample 9879:
Reference: creates a sample dataset .
Candidate: creates a new object from indicates whether all data added to the dataset .

Sample 9880:
Reference: the number pad will be configured according to the user preference for hour format .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> dialog with the provided calendar .

Sample 9881:
Reference: clear the client cache and the underlying dbclient urn cache
Candidate: clear the <UNK> cache and call it to invalidate the cache .

Sample 9882:
Reference: turn off spin mode
Candidate: turn off spin mode

Sample 9883:
Reference: called when a view needs to pass an event to it s controller .
Candidate: called when a view needs to pass an event to it s controller .

Sample 9884:
Reference: create artwork instance from a flac metadata block
Candidate: create a new pt to image to the the default font size .

Sample 9885:
Reference: updates the internal values after a frequency or sample rate change
Candidate: updates the progress vector and the the aspect ratio in the total number of players

Sample 9886:
Reference: this method enables a specified custom markerview to update it s content everytime the markerview is redrawn .
Candidate: this method enables a specified custom markerview to update it s content everytime the markerview is redrawn .

Sample 9887:
Reference: returns a copy of this instant with the specified duration in seconds subtracted .
Candidate: returns a copy of this duration with the specified duration in seconds subtracted .

Sample 9888:
Reference: indicates whether this object represents an infinite value .
Candidate: indicates whether this object represents an infinite value .

Sample 9889:
Reference: normalizes the vector sets its length to .
Candidate: <UNK> vector d . .

Sample 9890:
Reference: closes the iterator handling null and ignoring exceptions .
Candidate: closes the iterator handling null and ignoring exceptions .

Sample 9891:
Reference: multiplies each element of this matrix by a scalar .
Candidate: multiplies each element of this matrix by a scalar .

Sample 9892:
Reference: remove a listener that observes events .
Candidate: returns a listener that observes events .

Sample 9893:
Reference: spawns the particle the number of times specified by count at the target location .
Candidate: spawns the particle the number of times specified by count at the target location .

Sample 9894:
Reference: returns true if this varnode represents the this pointer
Candidate: returns whether the not the private is has changed for a not .

Sample 9895:
Reference: convert the value of the passed in extension to an object
Candidate: convert the value of the passed in extension to an object

Sample 9896:
Reference: returns true if the passed in argument is a userrecord object
Candidate: returns true if the specified user is a valid object .

Sample 9897:
Reference: indicates whether a secret originally comes from this class or not
Candidate: indicates whether this secret originally represented by this class .

Sample 9898:
Reference: generate short version random uuid
Candidate: generates a uuid of the given uuid string .

Sample 9899:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns the minimum number of article roles in the <UNK> .

Sample 9900:
Reference: returns a transformation which runs this transformation in reverse .
Candidate: transformation to the order of the to to the end of the world .

Sample 9901:
Reference: return the right singular vectors
Candidate: get the matrix diagonal .

Sample 9902:
Reference: initializes the stat archiver with nanostimestamp .
Candidate: initializes the time stamp with the time file and populating it to the time initializations .

Sample 9903:
Reference: let all players involved in this action know the action was successful
Candidate: let all players involved in this action know the action was successful

Sample 9904:
Reference: returns the memory allocator that allocated this memory .
Candidate: returns a new instance of the allocator for this allocator .

Sample 9905:
Reference: creates and returns a concurrentmap .
Candidate: creates concurrent hash function to create a concurrent cache instance .

Sample 9906:
Reference: duplicate the top n objects of the stack .
Candidate: <UNK> up the most recently compiled statements to be redefined .

Sample 9907:
Reference: compile if needed and load a tag file
Candidate: load the class name from the output stream .

Sample 9908:
Reference: called when a document and all its fields have been added .
Candidate: called after a doc and all its fields have been added .

Sample 9909:
Reference: delete the tmaster location for the given topology
Candidate: deletes the tmaster location for the given topology

Sample 9910:
Reference: copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue .
Candidate: copies the value of the data attribute from the specified attributevalue .

Sample 9911:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .

Sample 9912:
Reference: build prefixes for state saving
Candidate: return the plural state machine for the specified task id .

Sample 9913:
Reference: checks if there are any more bytes available on the stream .
Candidate: is whether the read of read can be read .

Sample 9914:
Reference: you have dyed .
Candidate: you have entered the daily sell limit .

Sample 9915:
Reference: remove all the details of a table this will be used in case of drop table
Candidate: remove all the details of a table this will be used in case of drop table

Sample 9916:
Reference: finish up after a collection .
Candidate: release a collection . .

Sample 9917:
Reference: returns whether it has the archive status .
Candidate: returns whether it has the archive status in the format of .

Sample 9918:
Reference: return a lazy implemented reverse ordered view of this dataset .
Candidate: returns an exact set on a dataset .

Sample 9919:
Reference: yay possibility to implement tab completion
Candidate: requests a list of possible completions for a command argument .

Sample 9920:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 9921:
Reference: lightcontrol information management methods
Candidate: clear the <UNK> that should be called by the <UNK> .

Sample 9922:
Reference: append any byte array to a row key .
Candidate: helper bytes from byte array starting from a byte array .

Sample 9923:
Reference: reset all common components before parsing
Candidate: reset all common components before parsing

Sample 9924:
Reference: cachehandler method to load the new omgraphiclists featurecachegraphiclists .
Candidate: load a cache object for the given key and value .

Sample 9925:
Reference: metodo para popular la traza con los datos referentes al usario
Candidate: populate the user details from a <UNK> flow identifier .

Sample 9926:
Reference: inserts a boolean value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a boolean value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 9927:
Reference: mutation for a single column .
Candidate: gets the data statements that should be called before the first of the data table .

Sample 9928:
Reference: perform the actual read of memory .
Candidate: read the actual proxy address possibly reporting values if watching is enabled for the given address .

Sample 9929:
Reference: generates the instruction to push a local variable on the stack .
Candidate: generates the instruction to push a local variable on the stack .

Sample 9930:
Reference: returns this encoder s current action for malformed input errors .
Candidate: returns this decoder s current action for malformed input errors .

Sample 9931:
Reference: moves the pageable s cursor to the last page
Candidate: moves the pageable s cursor to the an arbitrary page

Sample 9932:
Reference: adds a property to this text area
Candidate: add a to the .

Sample 9933:
Reference: get called on long press touch event .
Candidate: get called on long press touch event .

Sample 9934:
Reference: stores the value of a boolean preference .
Candidate: put the default key value for this <UNK> and stores it to the boolean value

Sample 9935:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 9936:
Reference: sent when an event that the listener has registered for occurs .
Candidate: sent when an event that occurs for processing occurs for occurs .

Sample 9937:
Reference: ensure that any failures in view creation and the underlying jogl rendering system are visible to users .
Candidate: creates a view into view with the <UNK> .

Sample 9938:
Reference: create a lazypstackx by iterative application of a function to an initial element up to the supplied limit number of times
Candidate: create a lazypstackx by iterative application of a function to an initial element up to the supplied limit number of times

Sample 9939:
Reference: add an annotation declaration to the types of this compilation unit
Candidate: add a annotation declaration to the types of this compilation unit .

Sample 9940:
Reference: returns a knn distance list with all distances set to null distance .
Candidate: creates a new distance distance from the <UNK> matrix

Sample 9941:
Reference: registers a future to be cancelled when this thread is killed .
Candidate: cancels the specified processor by letting it to cancel this quest .

Sample 9942:
Reference: check if there is any connectivity to a mobile network
Candidate: check if there is any connectivity to a mobile network

Sample 9943:
Reference: registers an option .
Candidate: registers an option .

Sample 9944:
Reference: since the session is no longer used it is marked to be removed when it times out .
Candidate: marks the pending event to receive a pending unsealing from the pending to to be removed upon timeout .

Sample 9945:
Reference: this method unconditionally emits a message to the logging system but does not throw any exception .
Candidate: this method unconditionally emits a message to the logging system but does not throw any exception .

Sample 9946:
Reference: divides this complex number by a real number .
Candidate: divides this complex number by positive .

Sample 9947:
Reference: registers notification for changes to its sub nodes
Candidate: registers notification to changes to the map

Sample 9948:
Reference: will pause the player if it s playing
Candidate: if the current player pause the current position and returns the new media player .

Sample 9949:
Reference: adds the functions that are no longer used after version . if version is at most . .
Candidate: adds the <UNK> that use for the <UNK> constant and

Sample 9950:
Reference: check if the file was modified .
Candidate: check that the counter has been modified .

Sample 9951:
Reference: adds command to workspace
Candidate: adds command to new . for the workspace .

Sample 9952:
Reference: applies the wrapped function to the wrapped value in a lazy fashion .
Candidate: maps the supplied function to the wrapped value .

Sample 9953:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 9954:
Reference: append the string escaping unsafe characters .
Candidate: append the supplied character sequence if it already exists .

Sample 9955:
Reference: allows tracking selection changes in the calendar in real time
Candidate: adds a listener to the changes in in the future changes

Sample 9956:
Reference: count items that match query criteria
Candidate: count the current state of the current query .

Sample 9957:
Reference: returns true if lower bits are zero
Candidate: returns true if lower bits are zero

Sample 9958:
Reference: subclasses should implement this method to do the actual drawing
Candidate: subclasses should implement this method to do the actual drawing

Sample 9959:
Reference: writes the given char to the current position and increases the position by .
Candidate: writes the given char to the current position and increases the position by .

Sample 9960:
Reference: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface
Candidate: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface

Sample 9961:
Reference: method that controls the lifecycle of the view .
Candidate: method that controls the lifecycle of the view .

Sample 9962:
Reference: prints an attribute list declaration end .
Candidate: prints a tag out of the attribute set .

Sample 9963:
Reference: applies this function to the given argument .
Candidate: applies this function to the given argument .

Sample 9964:
Reference: this provides a textual description of the position the read cursor is at within the xml document .
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 9965:
Reference: ifle is not a logical function .
Candidate: min is not a logical function .

Sample 9966:
Reference: clear a transparent image to transparent
Candidate: clear a transparent image to transparent

Sample 9967:
Reference: get the maximum length of this column s values .
Candidate: returns the total number of bytes that can be accessed .

Sample 9968:
Reference: writes a message to the access logger with information about the modify response associated with the provided modify operation .
Candidate: writes a message to the access logger with information about the modify response information about the provided modify operation .

Sample 9969:
Reference: description to display in the gui .
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 9970:
Reference: get the last index of the given object .
Candidate: get the last index of the given object .

Sample 9971:
Reference: if the event needs to be synced i . e . the ical uid and sequence number need to be honored .
Candidate: checks whether the event is currently to a <UNK> event event bus .

Sample 9972:
Reference: adds a new application event listener for all nodes .
Candidate: add a listener to be informed when the <UNK> will be added to the activation list .

Sample 9973:
Reference: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .
Candidate: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .

Sample 9974:
Reference: gets whether the splitter is movable by the user .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is moved to the <UNK> .

Sample 9975:
Reference: parse the media and local art asynchronously .
Candidate: parse the media and local art asynchronously .

Sample 9976:
Reference: create an element uri from a blueprints element id .
Candidate: returns the uri of this element to the given element .

Sample 9977:
Reference: set the message to display on the toast .
Candidate: sets the message to to be appears on the message .

Sample 9978:
Reference: allows to register custom event handlers for different event types .
Candidate: get events for the events .

Sample 9979:
Reference: returns table s html code
Candidate: get the table with the specified parameters .

Sample 9980:
Reference: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll .
Candidate: this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll .

Sample 9981:
Reference: resolves the given indexes directory against this nodepath
Candidate: get an index for this path .

Sample 9982:
Reference: checks if is launched as service .
Candidate: returns whether the not this is is to a service service .

Sample 9983:
Reference: reads a apng file and tries to split it into its frames low level !
Candidate: reads a apng file and split into its frames in frames

Sample 9984:
Reference: called when peer state changed
Candidate: called when the device is changed to <UNK> for the device .

Sample 9985:
Reference: asserts that two ints are equal .
Candidate: asserts that two ints are equal .

Sample 9986:
Reference: performs a preliminary raycast over all the collidables in the broad phase and returns the items that intersect .
Candidate: performs a preliminary raycast over all the collidables in the broad phase and returns the items that intersect .

Sample 9987:
Reference: format method for the e or e conversion character .
Candidate: format method for the e or e conversion character .

Sample 9988:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 9989:
Reference: populate named state sprites .
Candidate: builds the axis visible for the given coordinates and add them into a new draw view .

Sample 9990:
Reference: fills an oval bounded by the specified rectangle with the current color .
Candidate: fills an oval bounded by the specified rectangle with the specified color .

Sample 9991:
Reference: paint the background enabled state .
Candidate: paint the background enabled state .

Sample 9992:
Reference: gets whether this user is deafened in the given guild .
Candidate: gets whether the provided user is <UNK> to be against the given guild .

Sample 9993:
Reference: serialize an object into a raw byte value for this column in little endian order
Candidate: serialize the given object for this column value for this object

Sample 9994:
Reference: tells that this entity is not streaming .
Candidate: tells that this entity is not streaming .

Sample 9995:
Reference: counts votes without normalizing vector i . e .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> so that it s not want to use the <UNK> room s code

Sample 9996:
Reference: returns true if the given key is in the kingsectionlikehash hashtable and the value is the same as the given value .
Candidate: returns true if the given key is in the kingsectionlikehash hashtable and the value is the same as the given value .

Sample 9997:
Reference: adds a asynceventqueueid to the regionattributes
Candidate: adds a task to the end of the list of this event type .

Sample 9998:
Reference: marks queue as removed .
Candidate: called when the <UNK> is not changed .

Sample 9999:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: seeks the the matrix element the matrix element

Sample 10000:
Reference: returns a copy of an itemstack with its stacksize being multiplied by amultiplier
Candidate: multiply this itemstack by another itemstack with the given scalar .

Sample 10001:
Reference: sets an attribute store
Candidate: sets an attribute used to store

Sample 10002:
Reference: close the data source manager .
Candidate: close the signal s data to to a random array of strings .

Sample 10003:
Reference: gives keyboard focus to this element .
Candidate: gives keyboard focus to this element .

Sample 10004:
Reference: returns a copy of this instant with the specified duration in seconds subtracted .
Candidate: returns a copy of this duration with the specified duration in seconds subtracted .

Sample 10005:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: start the following mode allowing the <UNK> to to react to the data mode .

Sample 10006:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10007:
Reference: creates a new instance of a securityoptions representing for no certificate no ssl or start tls .
Candidate: creates a new instance of default certificate using xstream .

Sample 10008:
Reference: returns whether the provider is allowed to incur monetary cost .
Candidate: indicates whether the not is the allowed to allow the <UNK> .

Sample 10009:
Reference: start a shell on the remote machine .
Candidate: starts the start on the remote machine .

Sample 10010:
Reference: map the columns using the column names and the specified table .
Candidate: map the columns using the column names and the specified table .

Sample 10011:
Reference: clears all of the users notes
Candidate: clears all notes from a player .

Sample 10012:
Reference: gets the allowattachments value for this remoteconfiguration .
Candidate: returns whether the backend is allowed to use .

Sample 10013:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 10014:
Reference: adds a field to load from the field data cache and return as part of the search request .
Candidate: add a field search field name to be used in the search server .

Sample 10015:
Reference: creates a new ui object for the given component .
Candidate: creates a new ui object for the given component .

Sample 10016:
Reference: a function providing a scaling factor according to the distance between any two n grams .
Candidate: a function providing a scaling factor according to the distance between any two n grams .

Sample 10017:
Reference: returns whether or not the original image type should be used for the thumbnail .
Candidate: indicates whether the image image type to be hidden in the cache .

Sample 10018:
Reference: reports a bound property change .
Candidate: reports a bound property change .

Sample 10019:
Reference: sets the visible state of the selection cells .
Candidate: sets the visible state of the specified state .

Sample 10020:
Reference: format a date into yyyy mm ddthh mm ssz gmt timezone no milliseconds precision
Candidate: format a date into yyyy mm ddthh mm ss .

Sample 10021:
Reference: concrete implementations use this callback hook to establish the invariants to be monitored .
Candidate: subclass is called to handle the properties of the <UNK> .

Sample 10022:
Reference: adds a core command tag changer to the configuration controller .
Candidate: adds a core tag tag to the <UNK> list .

Sample 10023:
Reference: a shortcut for parsemodule parseresource monitor true true this parses the module update the dependencies and handles markers
Candidate: parses the module and parses the parse resource from the parse request .

Sample 10024:
Reference: reset the hash by setting it to so hashcode computation is performed again when the internal char array has changed .
Candidate: reset the hash code to use a static hash

Sample 10025:
Reference: called during word vec training p note that this is called in a separate thread from the processing thread
Candidate: called each time when a future is changed .

Sample 10026:
Reference: checks if policy mapping is inhibited .
Candidate: returns whether policy mapping is inhibited .

Sample 10027:
Reference: converts signed byte to unsigned char .
Candidate: convert byte to char

Sample 10028:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10029:
Reference: returns the set of events that have the same property value as the given event .
Candidate: returns the set for events that have a matched property .

Sample 10030:
Reference: builds a copy of this parameterdeclaration node where all occurrences of type variables in the original type parameter list have been replaced by the substitution type parameters .
Candidate: return an direct list of type variables where this type was replaced with a default copy of the type .

Sample 10031:
Reference: declares only the entry extensions in an extension profile .
Candidate: this method stores the extension extensions in an extension profile .

Sample 10032:
Reference: checks whether can activate
Candidate: checks whether the <UNK> clause can be <UNK> or a terminal name in the <UNK> .

Sample 10033:
Reference: checks if current connection is the slaves l b connection .
Candidate: returns true if the tool is currently a wan connection to it .

Sample 10034:
Reference: triggers the signal for this waiter .
Candidate: completes the operation to be taken immediately if it returns immediately .

Sample 10035:
Reference: you have sold .
Candidate: you have not the daily quest reward for .

Sample 10036:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 10037:
Reference: parses the specified string as a signed decimal short value .
Candidate: parses the specified string as a signed decimal short value .

Sample 10038:
Reference: add the given blocks to the list of criteria .
Candidate: add the given blocks to the list of criteria .

Sample 10039:
Reference: tells the vm to enable the jit compiler .
Candidate: tells the vm to enable the jit compiler .

Sample 10040:
Reference: create an instance of helptype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 10041:
Reference: checks credit card number with luhn mod test
Candidate: checks credit card number with luhn mod test

Sample 10042:
Reference: returns a specific media subtype such as plain or png mpeg mp or xml .
Candidate: returns a specific media subtype such as plain or png mpeg mp or xml .

Sample 10043:
Reference: closes this reader .
Candidate: disconnects with the server .

Sample 10044:
Reference: return true if this is a tailcallvarargs
Candidate: indicates whether this is is <UNK> to be reused .

Sample 10045:
Reference: returns true if point is in path
Candidate: returns true if the point is located in the user s coordinates i . e .

Sample 10046:
Reference: compares this object to the specified short object to determine their relative order .
Candidate: compares this object to the specified short object to determine their relative order .

Sample 10047:
Reference: throws the standard keystore not initialized exception .
Candidate: throws the standard keystore not initialized exception .

Sample 10048:
Reference: is this a hex digit ?
Candidate: is this a hex digit ?

Sample 10049:
Reference: unregisters the specific plugin from the requested outgoing plugin channel no longer allowing it to send messages through that channel to any clients .
Candidate: unregisters the specific plugin from any outgoing plugin channel no longer allowing it to send any messages .

Sample 10050:
Reference: called by worker task when a tile has loaded .
Candidate: called by worker task when a tile has loaded .

Sample 10051:
Reference: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .
Candidate: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .

Sample 10052:
Reference: force buffered operations to the filesystem .
Candidate: force buffered operations to the filesystem .

Sample 10053:
Reference: if bytes are left over buffered on the underlying stream
Candidate: if bytes are left over buffered on the underlying stream

Sample 10054:
Reference: visits an executable element .
Candidate: visits an executable element .

Sample 10055:
Reference: invoked if the sku has been purchased and ads should not be visible .
Candidate: called when the compression is about to hide all .

Sample 10056:
Reference: produce a one one onto mapping from five integers to an integer .
Candidate: produce a one one onto mapping from three integers to an integer .

Sample 10057:
Reference: updates the nickname of a existing user
Candidate: updates the name name for the usertimeline .

Sample 10058:
Reference: returns the vector s length .
Candidate: gets the length of the result of the arbitrary string .

Sample 10059:
Reference: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class .
Candidate: returns a new uninitialized instance of this object .

Sample 10060:
Reference: encode the suffix that ends every output line .
Candidate: encode the suffix that ends every output line .

Sample 10061:
Reference: handle deserialization of the singleton .
Candidate: handle deserialization of the singleton .

Sample 10062:
Reference: display a standardly formatted question message with the specified string and optionally an inital input value .
Candidate: locale a message to be sent to the message with the message of the message .

Sample 10063:
Reference: checks if an external memory card is available
Candidate: gets the external storage mode and throws an unused <UNK> .

Sample 10064:
Reference: true if executing with groovy sandbox false if executing with approval .
Candidate: whether this not this method .

Sample 10065:
Reference: look up the hash table and return the corresponding slab of chunks .
Candidate: skip an array of k address to the same address as a byte array .

Sample 10066:
Reference: converts this object to a localtime with the same time and chronology .
Candidate: gets the local time of this date to a local date .

Sample 10067:
Reference: is the joint limit enabled ?
Candidate: is the joint limit enabled ?

Sample 10068:
Reference: called to notify the client that the job was canceled by a user or a program .
Candidate: called to notify the client that the job was canceled by user or program .

Sample 10069:
Reference: called by junit after each test method
Candidate: perform post test clean each test method

Sample 10070:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 10071:
Reference: pauses the auto active train for a specified number of fast clock minutes pausing operation is performed in a separate thread
Candidate: called the <UNK> to sleep with the given time and wait for each time .

Sample 10072:
Reference: remove this component and it s children from the painting queue
Candidate: removes this component from the notification queue .

Sample 10073:
Reference: checks if is upper case .
Candidate: is uppercase using the uppercase .

Sample 10074:
Reference: removes the given prefix from the prefix list .
Candidate: removes the given prefix from the prefix list .

Sample 10075:
Reference: groups the elements of a sequence according to a specified key selector function .
Candidate: sorts all elements to a group according to a group according to a key .

Sample 10076:
Reference: returns whether it has the month return percentage .
Candidate: returns whether it has the month return percentage .

Sample 10077:
Reference: undeploy the web application at the specified context path .
Candidate: undeploy the <UNK> with optional specified context .

Sample 10078:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10079:
Reference: returns true if the instance is already configured .
Candidate: is the search instance .

Sample 10080:
Reference: read a variable size int .
Candidate: read a variable size int .

Sample 10081:
Reference: toggles the drawer open and close .
Candidate: toggles the drawer open and close .

Sample 10082:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns a new <UNK> indicating that the <UNK> is about to be replaced by the <UNK> .

Sample 10083:
Reference: test method that causes expiration to be suspended until permitexpiration is called .
Candidate: locks the lock of the locked lock and throws sure that changes .

Sample 10084:
Reference: checks if the put request gets a response with the given status code .
Candidate: checks if the http request is available with the http status code

Sample 10085:
Reference: hide the overflow menu if it is currently showing .
Candidate: hide the overflow menu if it is currently showing .

Sample 10086:
Reference: tests if it is possible to obtain heap dump from target jvm .
Candidate: tests if it is possible to obtain heap dump from target jvm via it .

Sample 10087:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 10088:
Reference: loads a custom configuration from the input stream specified .
Candidate: loads a custom xml format from the provided configuration property .

Sample 10089:
Reference: check whether specified generator feature is enabled .
Candidate: checked whether the feature feature is enabled for this feature .

Sample 10090:
Reference: factory method to initialize console with appropriate mode .
Candidate: creates a buffered console record for the specified output file .

Sample 10091:
Reference: returns the server inet address that accepted the request .
Candidate: returns local address server ip

Sample 10092:
Reference: get the mac style bits as an enum set .
Candidate: returns an <UNK> instance of the <UNK> for this unit .

Sample 10093:
Reference: indicates if the provided string argument is to be considered as a boolean more specifically if it equals true or false .
Candidate: checks whether the given string is bool <UNK>

Sample 10094:
Reference: determines if any of the provided licenses are enabled .
Candidate: determines if there is any active tracking .

Sample 10095:
Reference: creates the instance of the technical service running in the provisioned environment .
Candidate: creates the service instance created by the given supplier and if necessary .

Sample 10096:
Reference: activates the rmi connectors .
Candidate: initializes the <UNK> handler for the server and add it to the server .

Sample 10097:
Reference: returns a copy of this duration with the specified duration in nanoseconds subtracted .
Candidate: returns a copy of this duration with the specified duration in nanoseconds subtracted .

Sample 10098:
Reference: resets the reports total number of bytes sent number of packets sent etc .
Candidate: resets the <UNK> count of a to packet and reduces the count number etc .

Sample 10099:
Reference: returns the total number of bytes written to the target stream so far .
Candidate: returns the total number of bytes written to the target stream so far .

Sample 10100:
Reference: determines whether the given charset encoding may be used for the represented tagging system .
Candidate: returns whether the specified locator should be allowed to validate the encoding of this <UNK> .

Sample 10101:
Reference: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .
Candidate: called when the user has indicated they she would like to dismiss one or more list item positions .

Sample 10102:
Reference: value val gets new base fields are preserved .
Candidate: replace a <UNK> object with the same value as a meta value to the the type of the given type .

Sample 10103:
Reference: try to optimize the expression .
Candidate: try to optimize the expression .

Sample 10104:
Reference: restore the stored state
Candidate: restore the stored state

Sample 10105:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10106:
Reference: stand alone entry point
Candidate: test the <UNK> class to be executed instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 10107:
Reference: returns the address host .
Candidate: gets the host name of the remote host .

Sample 10108:
Reference: sends a message to player via postman
Candidate: send a message to a mail queue .

Sample 10109:
Reference: in this case if the entry is associated with a registered group instance then that group instance will be deregistered .
Candidate: perform the post processing on the specified list and remove it from the given list .

Sample 10110:
Reference: remove invalid xml characters from a string .
Candidate: removes all text characters from the given text if it wasn t be replaced .

Sample 10111:
Reference: determine if the item can be used in a machine or as an armor part to supply energy .
Candidate: determine if the item can be used in a machine or as an armor part to supply energy .

Sample 10112:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10113:
Reference: main entry point can be runned from ide too .
Candidate: initializes the command of <UNK> to a new line .

Sample 10114:
Reference: tries to install defined version of opencv from google play market .
Candidate: tries to install defined version of opencv from google play market .

Sample 10115:
Reference: inserts content specified by the parameter before each element in the set of matched elements .
Candidate: before specified external before each element in the set of matched in a set of matched elements .

Sample 10116:
Reference: checks whether two providers are the same
Candidate: check if the provider is the same provider to one of the same provider .

Sample 10117:
Reference: get the next char in the string skipping whitespace .
Candidate: get the next char in the string skipping whitespace .

Sample 10118:
Reference: check if we are running on gingerbread or later
Candidate: check if we are running on gingerbread or later

Sample 10119:
Reference: is the scope expired ?
Candidate: determines whether the holder s expired state has expired .

Sample 10120:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 10121:
Reference: register a new object construction factory .
Candidate: registers the factory to .

Sample 10122:
Reference: handles an append response .
Candidate: handles an append response .

Sample 10123:
Reference: offset the object translating it by a specific offset point
Candidate: abstract method for removing an entities .

Sample 10124:
Reference: returns the name of the repository from which the revision is migrated .
Candidate: get a new migration action to the current action .

Sample 10125:
Reference: removes the key and its corresponding value from this map .
Candidate: removes the key and its corresponding value from this map .

Sample 10126:
Reference: safely close a zip file .
Candidate: safely close a zip directory .

Sample 10127:
Reference: this adds a property descriptor for the context feature .
Candidate: this adds a property descriptor for the specified feature feature .

Sample 10128:
Reference: get backup partitions for specified node id .
Candidate: specifies cluster partitions for given node id .

Sample 10129:
Reference: returns true if global state should be stored as part of the snapshot
Candidate: returns true if global state should be restore during this restore operation

Sample 10130:
Reference: removes the named attributes
Candidate: remove a attribute for the request .

Sample 10131:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10132:
Reference: this pair of methods are used to inform the node of its parent .
Candidate: this pair of methods are used to inform the node of its parent .

Sample 10133:
Reference: writes a single precision bit floating point number to the buffer .
Candidate: writes a single precision bit floating point number to the buffer .

Sample 10134:
Reference: queue the alarm for wakeup .
Candidate: queue the alarm queue for the given time .

Sample 10135:
Reference: the final event in the case innodb transactions is the xid event .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> transaction using the correct event bus .

Sample 10136:
Reference: determines whether two urls are the same .
Candidate: check if the url url is equal to the url of the url i . e .

Sample 10137:
Reference: run a sparql count aggregation and parse the count from the result set .
Candidate: <UNK> for a sparql query .

Sample 10138:
Reference: internal routine to start timer to protect the mode change .
Candidate: start short timer to be short for the timer .

Sample 10139:
Reference: fire a publish start event .
Candidate: called when any registration is about to process the <UNK> .

Sample 10140:
Reference: extract an isodep related object from the received tag and use it .
Candidate: called when the tag was stopped with a <UNK> tag .

Sample 10141:
Reference: executes the given function with the given inputs .
Candidate: <UNK> a function of or witout statistics function .

Sample 10142:
Reference: this method gets called once an input pin in sheeld board changes its value .
Candidate: this method is called when the user changes status is changed .

Sample 10143:
Reference: append the text at the end of the path without writing a bom using a specified encoding .
Candidate: append the text at the end of the path without writing a bom using the specified encoding .

Sample 10144:
Reference: create a service to store the datasource metadata .
Candidate: creates a data source service that is the to .

Sample 10145:
Reference: remove this group from the query
Candidate: remove the group from the query

Sample 10146:
Reference: returns a brand new nodetextrep that s equal to the noderep argument except that the string str has been appended to the last line .
Candidate: returns a brand new nodetextrep that s equal to the <UNK> argument except that the string str has been appended to the last line .

Sample 10147:
Reference: gets transaction id map depending on transaction type .
Candidate: gets the <UNK> store time for the <UNK> cache .

Sample 10148:
Reference: maps the first element of the tuple in a lazy fashion .
Candidate: maps the first value of the tuple in a lazy fashion .

Sample 10149:
Reference: create the directory including the parent directories if they don t exist .
Candidate: creates the given directory .

Sample 10150:
Reference: gets the total size in bytes of the switch instruction .
Candidate: returns the number of key value pairs in this dictionary .

Sample 10151:
Reference: aggregations that will be output by this query
Candidate: splits all the scalar and return the results from the original transaction .

Sample 10152:
Reference: fires an event to all listeners to notify them that the signature image has been changed .
Candidate: helper method to handle an action event internally by the to handle the action .

Sample 10153:
Reference: creates and returns a xml document instance
Candidate: creates and returns a xml document instance

Sample 10154:
Reference: returns the conservative approximated knn distance of the entry .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> distance distance for the given <UNK> .

Sample 10155:
Reference: creates an augmentedandroidelement based on a generic webelement .
Candidate: create the <UNK> to use the specified webelement

Sample 10156:
Reference: the name of the page this element is associated with .
Candidate: get the current page

Sample 10157:
Reference: release the com object
Candidate: releases the buffers to the <UNK> that the is completed .

Sample 10158:
Reference: instructs the lognode to print the log data provided .
Candidate: instructs the lognode to print the log data provided .

Sample 10159:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having changed file name field .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having changed file name field .

Sample 10160:
Reference: insert a load of a physical register from a spill location before instruction s .
Candidate: insert a load before a physical register before instruction s to register a particular register .

Sample 10161:
Reference: maximum number of photos to return .
Candidate: number of photos to return .

Sample 10162:
Reference: cancels operation launch by its id .
Candidate: cancel the running if the running <UNK> is already running and returns the <UNK> .

Sample 10163:
Reference: transition to halt state .
Candidate: called by the <UNK> to to get the state of the <UNK> .

Sample 10164:
Reference: checks if is numeric clumn .
Candidate: checks if is if is is too numeric .

Sample 10165:
Reference: returns a successful response containing the parsed result .
Candidate: returns a successful response containing the parsed result .

Sample 10166:
Reference: if the token has already existed list all token and find it out remove it and recreate it .
Candidate: returns a null or null values .

Sample 10167:
Reference: create standard result for required api impl replacement .
Candidate: create result for cases where no api impl replacement is required .

Sample 10168:
Reference: have the viewer handle program arguments
Candidate: called when another arguments starts another client .

Sample 10169:
Reference: validate attribute set on the port of dummyoperator in level module
Candidate: validate the <UNK> attributes and returns the correct attributes for the given time .

Sample 10170:
Reference: check whether the keyspace has already been initialized
Candidate: determine if the plotter should be computed of the

Sample 10171:
Reference: closes the specified stream .
Candidate: closes the specified stream .

Sample 10172:
Reference: returns true if this platform has mouse input .
Candidate: determine if this <UNK> is dragging an object

Sample 10173:
Reference: returns true if the buffer is dirty due to a modification by the specified transaction .
Candidate: check if the current transaction modified by the specified transaction and is modified .

Sample 10174:
Reference: a convenience method for identical test pattern and expected arguments
Candidate: returns the <UNK> method returns true if this test for the given test pattern .

Sample 10175:
Reference: returns singleton instance of propertiessupport .
Candidate: returns singleton instance of <UNK> instances with the singleton .

Sample 10176:
Reference: undo manager end compound change
Candidate: undo an end compound a compound change

Sample 10177:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 10178:
Reference: performs a delete request and transforms the response entity to the given type reference .
Candidate: deletes a type and delete the value type to the the given type reference .

Sample 10179:
Reference: create a builder for messages of the appropriate type for the given field .
Candidate: create a builder for messages of the appropriate type for the given field .

Sample 10180:
Reference: releases a reference to the object closing the object if the last reference was released .
Candidate: releases a reference to the object closing the object if the last reference was released .

Sample 10181:
Reference: callbacks when the chart is moved translated via drag gesture .
Candidate: callbacks when the chart is moved translated via drag gesture .

Sample 10182:
Reference: cause the channel to be sick
Candidate: return the test to be <UNK>

Sample 10183:
Reference: get maintain statistics .
Candidate: get maintain statistics .

Sample 10184:
Reference: get the number of non zero values in this sparse array
Candidate: returns the number of non negative words for the node .

Sample 10185:
Reference: check whether specified generator feature is enabled .
Candidate: check whether specified generator feature is enabled .

Sample 10186:
Reference: the arity of this trie node i . e .
Candidate: the arity of this trie node i . e .

Sample 10187:
Reference: show error toast to users
Candidate: show error toast to users

Sample 10188:
Reference: discovers the virtual arrays associated to the protection system .
Candidate: discover connectivity for the passed net .

Sample 10189:
Reference: creates file name for address .
Candidate: gets s address for provided address .

Sample 10190:
Reference: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .
Candidate: notify the indicator that the fragment list has changed .

Sample 10191:
Reference: utility method to set the text message on a message body
Candidate: read a body from the provided datainputstream and if it is an empty string .

Sample 10192:
Reference: allow to re use the prepared statement .
Candidate: execute the update for some sql statement if it exists .

Sample 10193:
Reference: override with true returned if your action has to display its text along with the icon when placed in the toolbar
Candidate: override false to if true if your action has to display its text along with the icon when placed in the toolbar

Sample 10194:
Reference: note the policy for quoting must match the unquoting policy used by eclipse s debugplugin . argumentprocessor .
Candidate: quotes a string in quotation marks .

Sample 10195:
Reference: stops service threads to simulate node failure .
Candidate: called the <UNK> for the league side of this cluster .

Sample 10196:
Reference: called when the app sync enabled status has changed .
Candidate: called when the app sync enabled status has changed .

Sample 10197:
Reference: default onsuccess method for this asynchttpresponsehandler to override
Candidate: default onsuccess method for this asynchttpresponsehandler to override

Sample 10198:
Reference: add information from project to this project
Candidate: adds the project to the project .

Sample 10199:
Reference: method exists in duplicatingstylevisitor but is marked private
Candidate: creates a copy of <UNK> from the other clipboard .

Sample 10200:
Reference: adds an event to this request s event log for debugging .
Candidate: adds an event to this request s event log for debugging .

Sample 10201:
Reference: draws the markerview on the given position on the screen with the given canvas object .
Candidate: draws the markerview on the given position on the screen with the given canvas object .

Sample 10202:
Reference: get the key value in the bean to json . br
Candidate: process a json in this <UNK> .

Sample 10203:
Reference: cast result object to a result tree fragment .
Candidate: cast result object to a result tree fragment .

Sample 10204:
Reference: used to stop animating any fontawesometext item
Candidate: stop the time after animation

Sample 10205:
Reference: fab animator that displays the fab .
Candidate: fab animator that displays the fab .

Sample 10206:
Reference: sent when default selection occurs in the control .
Candidate: sent when default selection occurs in the control .

Sample 10207:
Reference: sets the permutation array .
Candidate: sets the permutation array .

Sample 10208:
Reference: unassigns the given policies from this organization and its roles .
Candidate: unassigns the given policies from this organizational unit and its its .

Sample 10209:
Reference: this method returns an instance of an indexer possibly using parameters extracted from the context .
Candidate: create a new <UNK> which will be called to create a single instance of <UNK> .

Sample 10210:
Reference: register a listener for health state callbacks in particular on slow client consumption of incoming data .
Candidate: registers the cluster of the vms of this cluster connection .

Sample 10211:
Reference: callback method to be invoked when recyclerview s scroll state changes .
Candidate: callback method to be invoked when recyclerview has changed .

Sample 10212:
Reference: shows the popup menu .
Candidate: shows the popup menu .

Sample 10213:
Reference: adds a new firewall rule
Candidate: adds a new firewall rule

Sample 10214:
Reference: adds the given symbol and code to the user defined char entities table http en . wikipedia . org wiki list of xml and html character entity references
Candidate: add a character entity to the identity of this object .

Sample 10215:
Reference: indicate that the observer turned permanently false .
Candidate: notify the evaluation of the named property to be updated .

Sample 10216:
Reference: cancels a previous request that was made to perform a file download
Candidate: cancels all the <UNK> name to sagetv restore the current log record .

Sample 10217:
Reference: returns a new immutable type to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .
Candidate: returns a new immutable type to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .

Sample 10218:
Reference: pops up the modal dialog and waits for cancel or a selection .
Candidate: pops up the modal dialog and waits for a selection .

Sample 10219:
Reference: adds the given test to the list
Candidate: adds a copy of the test test for new test .

Sample 10220:
Reference: randomize this neuron to a value between upperbound and lowerbound .
Candidate: assign this method to assign the value of the value and makes it s .

Sample 10221:
Reference: returns the qualified name corresponding to the specified character sequence representation may include the namespaceuri prefix .
Candidate: creates a new qname object that contains the same name of the given name .

Sample 10222:
Reference: animate a pan along the specified distance in absolute item space co ordinates using the provided duration .
Candidate: animate a pan pan in the specified distance in absolute item space co ordinates using the provided duration .

Sample 10223:
Reference: changes the label s font to italic and returns the label .
Candidate: sets an empty font with the specified width of the label and returns it .

Sample 10224:
Reference: returns this channel s set of canceled selection keys .
Candidate: returns this channel s set of canceled selection keys .

Sample 10225:
Reference: request capabilities for a set of contacts
Candidate: request out of given capabilities

Sample 10226:
Reference: returns true if this is a delete .
Candidate: returns true if this is an delete .

Sample 10227:
Reference: creates an index aliases request allowing to add and remove aliases .
Candidate: returns an clause to which indices from org .

Sample 10228:
Reference: called when a dialog is canceled by the user .
Candidate: called when a dialog is canceled by the user .

Sample 10229:
Reference: returns true if the specified character is invalid .
Candidate: returns true if the specified character is invalid .

Sample 10230:
Reference: searches for listeners corresponding to the given url and the used http method .
Candidate: finds the listeners corresponding to the given url .

Sample 10231:
Reference: is called to determine when the two comparable items fit the criteria of this matcher
Candidate: returns to see if this is a match .

Sample 10232:
Reference: send an info log message
Candidate: send an info log message

Sample 10233:
Reference: this method is called when a bean is moved from its present location to the newlocation within the layer associated with this beanbox .
Candidate: called by the bean s the given class .

Sample 10234:
Reference: notifies adapter that data set changed .
Candidate: refresh the summaries list .

Sample 10235:
Reference: get the setting if it exists or null if not .
Candidate: get the setting if it exists or null if not .

Sample 10236:
Reference: returns estimated number of buffered items or if disabled .
Candidate: counts the number of k cycles and return the number of frames .

Sample 10237:
Reference: gets the name of a backupsnapshottask for a cassandradaemontask .
Candidate: gets the name of a restoresnapshottask for a cassandradaemontask .

Sample 10238:
Reference: appends an int little endian in the buffer
Candidate: convenience method of string of to an empty string .

Sample 10239:
Reference: returns if the number is positive if the number is negative and otherwise
Candidate: returns if the number is positive if the number is negative and otherwise

Sample 10240:
Reference: clear all authentication tokens .
Candidate: clear the authentication tokens .

Sample 10241:
Reference: actually write the wallet file to disk using an atomic rename when possible .
Candidate: saves the global stored with the given <UNK> .

Sample 10242:
Reference: show a message to the user .
Candidate: show a message to the user .

Sample 10243:
Reference: indicates whether the renderer s position is fixed or not .
Candidate: return whether the renderer s <UNK> is expected .

Sample 10244:
Reference: for later changes e . g .
Candidate: modifies any vertices and the update of the fields .

Sample 10245:
Reference: called when this preference is created for the first time .
Candidate: called when this preference is created for the first time .

Sample 10246:
Reference: grows the size of the stack
Candidate: grows the size of the stack

Sample 10247:
Reference: adds the specified capabilities to the set of supported formats .
Candidate: add the array of required capabilities to the cache .

Sample 10248:
Reference: adapter data is changed . . should keep current view layout information . .
Candidate: adapter data is changed . . should keep current view layout information . .

Sample 10249:
Reference: sets up the ui .
Candidate: prepare the <UNK> to prepare the full contact .

Sample 10250:
Reference: load configuration from file .
Candidate: load configuration from file .

Sample 10251:
Reference: assert a condition is false .
Candidate: assert a condition is false .

Sample 10252:
Reference: create a redis backed queue using the provided configuration .
Candidate: create a redis backed queue using using the provided configuration and configuration .

Sample 10253:
Reference: reserve a room for an integer .
Candidate: gets the number of int bound to this writer .

Sample 10254:
Reference: sends the response line and headers of a response over this connection .
Candidate: sends the response line and headers of a response over this connection .

Sample 10255:
Reference: calculates maximum of each coordinate .
Candidate: returns the new instance of a random progress .

Sample 10256:
Reference: create unique id number
Candidate: creates a unique id to to the old time when the screen orientation changes .

Sample 10257:
Reference: sets the location of the undeclared attributes .
Candidate: sets the location of the undeclared attributes .

Sample 10258:
Reference: schedules the given task on this scheduler non delayed execution .
Candidate: schedules the task on this worker .

Sample 10259:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property .
Candidate: the tip text for this property .

Sample 10260:
Reference: invoked after the model is created .
Candidate: called when the model mapping is to be processed .

Sample 10261:
Reference: start a post request to the given url
Candidate: start a post request to the given url

Sample 10262:
Reference: convenience method to notify the handle listener if certain conditions are met .
Candidate: notify the listener to notify the state of the view .

Sample 10263:
Reference: loads the contents of this object from the wallet .
Candidate: loads the contents of this object from the wallet .

Sample 10264:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 10265:
Reference: send emergency stop to all slots
Candidate: fire all <UNK> and to the <UNK> list .

Sample 10266:
Reference: called when this view finishes animating to the updated progress .
Candidate: called when multiple float currentprogress is called only

Sample 10267:
Reference: set the gzip compression level to use or for default .
Candidate: sets the specified bytebuffer as marked as <UNK> section .

Sample 10268:
Reference: this method is called by an action template and contains the logic of the action to execute .
Candidate: main method for execute an argument .

Sample 10269:
Reference: write this rectangle to the specified parcel .
Candidate: write this rectangle to the specified parcel .

Sample 10270:
Reference: auxiliary function to implement the same function with parameter type regulartileshape .
Candidate: auxiliary function to implement the same function with parameter types regulartileshape .

Sample 10271:
Reference: appends a character to the buffer .
Candidate: appends a character to the buffer .

Sample 10272:
Reference: returns whether user wants to checkout a special directory .
Candidate: returns whether user wants to checkout a special directory .

Sample 10273:
Reference: replace backslashes with forward slashes .
Candidate: escape a <UNK> string which is to to the system . .

Sample 10274:
Reference: returns whether this marker exists in the workspace .
Candidate: returns whether the extractor description exists .

Sample 10275:
Reference: read the slot header of a page .
Candidate: reads the page from a page that will be fetched from the <UNK> page .

Sample 10276:
Reference: determine whether this motor controller s safety mode is enabled .
Candidate: returns whether if the is enabled enabled for the <UNK> .

Sample 10277:
Reference: launches a jvm according to the configuration of this launcher .
Candidate: start a jvm launcher its launcher and waits for its launcher .

Sample 10278:
Reference: builds a string for a tostring method excluding the given field names .
Candidate: builds a string for a tostring method excluding the given field names .

Sample 10279:
Reference: start scrolling by providing a starting point and the distance to travel .
Candidate: start scrolling by providing a starting point and the distance to travel .

Sample 10280:
Reference: selects the editor edge corresponding to the given model edge .
Candidate: called when the edge is selected to <UNK> the select edge .

Sample 10281:
Reference: true if this dice server requires a game id
Candidate: determine if the user is supports the game id for this <UNK> .

Sample 10282:
Reference: standardizes a compass direction from to degrees
Candidate: adjust the smallest direction in the given direction if not direction .

Sample 10283:
Reference: inserts an arraylist integer value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts an arraylist integer value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 10284:
Reference: enables the evaluation of the maximum pareto front error metric .
Candidate: enables the evaluation of the maximum pareto front error metric .

Sample 10285:
Reference: method that writes a bite in the stream .
Candidate: writes the byte to the output stream .

Sample 10286:
Reference: attempts to scroll backward within the current cursor .
Candidate: returns true if this is is less than .

Sample 10287:
Reference: closes any files opened by this tokenizer .
Candidate: closes the stream and free up to the stream .

Sample 10288:
Reference: calculates the hash of the specified entity .
Candidate: calculates the hash of the jni entity .

Sample 10289:
Reference: checks if a given path exists
Candidate: path path or path t exist .

Sample 10290:
Reference: checks if this is a correct machine part for this kind of machine turbine rotor for example
Candidate: check if the the user wants to change the state of the item .

Sample 10291:
Reference: create a namespace isolation policy for a cluster p
Candidate: creates a namespace isolation policy for a cluster p

Sample 10292:
Reference: put the float value to shared preference
Candidate: put the int value to shared decimal

Sample 10293:
Reference: overridden for performance reasons .
Candidate: overridden for performance reasons .

Sample 10294:
Reference: the number of the step .
Candidate: number the number number to a number .

Sample 10295:
Reference: store a bit integer value in big endian order at the current pointer location and increment the pointer by bytes .
Candidate: store an int value at the end of this integer .

Sample 10296:
Reference: returns the content of a tag as string regardless of any tags included .
Candidate: helper method returns a content object for the user defined by the given path

Sample 10297:
Reference: creates a resourcecontext for the given resource .
Candidate: creates a resource context for a resource classloader .

Sample 10298:
Reference: returns true if field trace id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field <UNK> lba is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 10299:
Reference: updates a equipment configuration with the values of an equipment configuration update object .
Candidate: updates the equipment configuration object to update equipment instance of the equipment object update object .

Sample 10300:
Reference: checks if the get request of the given resource returns the wished body .
Candidate: checks if the get request of the given url a the body of the given with the given message .

Sample 10301:
Reference: this method determines if this is a uri with a scheme of sip or sips .
Candidate: this method determines if this is a uri with a scheme of sip or sips .

Sample 10302:
Reference: creates a panel for the error details and attaches the error message to it but doesn t add the panel to the dialog .
Candidate: creates a panel for the the details and the the details to make the <UNK> panel to the dialog .

Sample 10303:
Reference: checks given pag against a set of necessary associations to determine if the pag implies an indepedence where one is known to not exist .
Candidate: checks given pag against a set of necessary associations to determine if <UNK> is not exist .

Sample 10304:
Reference: sets the triggergroupwrapper in the paused state .
Candidate: sets the jobwrapper in the paused state

Sample 10305:
Reference: notification that the user has canceled the rating .
Candidate: called when the user presses the cancel button .

Sample 10306:
Reference: append value on tos to string buffer on tos .
Candidate: append value on tos to string buffer on tos .

Sample 10307:
Reference: should be called on validate method in your tileentity class for adding a the tileentity to a network
Candidate: called only on disk in a method for every invalidate . a given side .

Sample 10308:
Reference: returns the value squared .
Candidate: returns the value squared .

Sample 10309:
Reference: go to the next lineup and if available fill the target array .
Candidate: go to the next lineup and if available fill the target array .

Sample 10310:
Reference: defines which slf j logger to use log the process output as it would have been dumped to stdout and stderr .
Candidate: output the authentication process to be sent to the <UNK> of this process .

Sample 10311:
Reference: returns whether it has the size .
Candidate: returns whether it has the number of bytes for <UNK> .

Sample 10312:
Reference: updates the contents of an editor pane using the confirmation format .
Candidate: updates the ok pane for the given title and updates the keyboard focus .

Sample 10313:
Reference: for low level debugging of gc subsystem .
Candidate: print the low code for a given byte .

Sample 10314:
Reference: registers a single factory for a given op field value .
Candidate: registers a method to add a custom <UNK> method .

Sample 10315:
Reference: checks whether local node is coordinator .
Candidate: convenience method to join the child client right to be executed after a production .

Sample 10316:
Reference: hooks the needed events intro the block to rotate when the block is right clicked .
Candidate: hooks the the selection bar which is the to <UNK> the right away

Sample 10317:
Reference: writes a typecode on this output stream .
Candidate: writes the typecode to the output stream .

Sample 10318:
Reference: register the inline menu .
Candidate: register the inline menu stopped being listened for

Sample 10319:
Reference: writes the xml header for the xml file .
Candidate: writes the start document for the <UNK> document .

Sample 10320:
Reference: all entries for the lrucapacitycontroller are considered to be of size .
Candidate: return the size in the cache which is either moving or <UNK> .

Sample 10321:
Reference: returns true if the user has selected to be notified about daily events
Candidate: check if the is is included in the internet

Sample 10322:
Reference: return true if the fragment is currently added to its activity .
Candidate: return true if the fragment is currently added to its activity .

Sample 10323:
Reference: unqualify a string qualified by a separator character .
Candidate: unqualify a string qualified by a separator character .

Sample 10324:
Reference: indicates that attribute is a fragment
Candidate: is whether this wraps is an inline type of the <UNK> .

Sample 10325:
Reference: determine whether event point already exists within the queue .
Candidate: determine whether the event point already exists in the replay context .

Sample 10326:
Reference: performcv returns the accuracy calculated using cross validation .
Candidate: calculates the score between the given type p this function is going to the whole network .

Sample 10327:
Reference: returns true when the current location also allows for a new identifier
Candidate: indicates if this is a new identifier for <UNK> .

Sample 10328:
Reference: creates rename refactoring session .
Candidate: creates a new session using the <UNK> flow and if it wants the working directory .

Sample 10329:
Reference: invoked after a view is drawn by a hardware renderer .
Candidate: called when the is is needed to draw a .

Sample 10330:
Reference: releases any system resources associated with this and delete the source .
Candidate: deletes the node and its children .

Sample 10331:
Reference: change width and height
Candidate: changes the width height for the given height

Sample 10332:
Reference: ruft den wert der changedonly eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property .

Sample 10333:
Reference: adds a new trait to an existing entity represented by a guid .
Candidate: adds a new trait to an entity represented by a guid .

Sample 10334:
Reference: get the value for the specified configuration variable .
Candidate: get the <UNK> name for a string and returns the password .

Sample 10335:
Reference: initializes and starts the monitoring .
Candidate: checks if the module is the <UNK> load .

Sample 10336:
Reference: method to add output to lop
Candidate: adds an output to this class .

Sample 10337:
Reference: returns the live ordered list of catch clauses for this try statement .
Candidate: sets the filter and sets the list of vertices and sets the new to the parent .

Sample 10338:
Reference: converts the text into bytes to be placed in the document .
Candidate: specified specified specified in a specified byte .

Sample 10339:
Reference: reads specified amount of data from stream .
Candidate: read all data from the stream for the input stream .

Sample 10340:
Reference: defined in rfc as kd secret data h concat secret data
Candidate: always md function to use a public key in jdk .

Sample 10341:
Reference: returns an iterator that will step through all terms .
Candidate: return the implemented value of the field data returned on the the big endian of the the field

Sample 10342:
Reference: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 10343:
Reference: you were killed by s attack .
Candidate: you have reduced to join the alliance .

Sample 10344:
Reference: adds a figure to the current selection .
Candidate: adds a figure to the current selection .

Sample 10345:
Reference: loads and adds block templates from a string .
Candidate: loads and adds block templates from a jar .

Sample 10346:
Reference: make an item representing an indexed expression .
Candidate: make an item representing an indexed expression .

Sample 10347:
Reference: end the scope of a prefix uri namespace mapping .
Candidate: end the scope of a prefix namespace namespace mapping .

Sample 10348:
Reference: sets the user as signed in the application .
Candidate: kills the user to trust the response control .

Sample 10349:
Reference: called when the block for of this explosive is destroy by an explosion
Candidate: get the block of <UNK> should be <UNK> on the time .

Sample 10350:
Reference: removes an attribute from the list .
Candidate: removes an attribute from the list .

Sample 10351:
Reference: gets the value of the update property .
Candidate: gets the value of the update property .

Sample 10352:
Reference: request service information .
Candidate: request service information .

Sample 10353:
Reference: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
Candidate: generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .

Sample 10354:
Reference: reads a performance event value .
Candidate: this event will be called when the time descriptor is read .

Sample 10355:
Reference: create an instance of tokenelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 10356:
Reference: state check needed by scheduledthreadpoolexecutor to enable running tasks during shutdown
Candidate: whether check the the engine is finished running and enable . tasks during shutdown .

Sample 10357:
Reference: this method instructs the bean that it is ok to use the gui .
Candidate: this method instructs the bean that it is ok to use the gui .

Sample 10358:
Reference: determines if a car type can have a specific load name .
Candidate: checks if there is an association with the given name

Sample 10359:
Reference: indicates that native text input should be used in text field when in place editing is supported by the platform
Candidate: checks if the text is in the the native text box .

Sample 10360:
Reference: returns whether it has the percent complete .
Candidate: returns whether it has the total number of stars .

Sample 10361:
Reference: responds to the beginning of a gesture .
Candidate: a callback called right before the gesture is about to start .

Sample 10362:
Reference: remote method called by agent to have server accept it .
Candidate: accepts an new directory and starts it to it .

Sample 10363:
Reference: determine whether the test should end .
Candidate: should attempts to no should continue .

Sample 10364:
Reference: constructs a new vector consisting of the smallest components of both vectors .
Candidate: calculates vector vector with minimum of components in both vectors .

Sample 10365:
Reference: this method is called by the system after this object is first created .
Candidate: informs the host that it is listening to the list .

Sample 10366:
Reference: create an immutable snapshot of this channel .
Candidate: creates and return the snapshot of this method to be recorded .

Sample 10367:
Reference: creates a string from the letter digit and whitespace characters in the given byte array
Candidate: creates a string from the letter digit and whitespace characters in the given byte array .

Sample 10368:
Reference: writes the given float to the current position and increases the position by .
Candidate: writes the given float to the current position and increases the position by .

Sample 10369:
Reference: provides initialization events per stream to composer to populate join indexes if required
Candidate: initialize all clause returning .

Sample 10370:
Reference: returns true if the item can be crafted requested or extracted .
Candidate: checks if the is is <UNK> to be <UNK> by the <UNK> .

Sample 10371:
Reference: checks if the popup is currently visible .
Candidate: return whether the layer is visible .

Sample 10372:
Reference: runs the supplied arguments through the cflags under the assumption that they should be validated fine .
Candidate: utility method that says the last of the given class .

Sample 10373:
Reference: saves the agent mappings to be used .
Candidate: saves the <UNK> object to the existing search engine .

Sample 10374:
Reference: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in proper sequence .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this deque in proper sequence .

Sample 10375:
Reference: generates bit hash from byte array with default seed value .
Candidate: generates bit hash from byte array with default seed value .

Sample 10376:
Reference: is the condition code less ?
Candidate: return whether the <UNK> is less or not .

Sample 10377:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports the given result set holdability .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports the given result set holdability .

Sample 10378:
Reference: returns a hashcode value for this channelbinding object .
Candidate: returns a hashcode value for this channelbinding object .

Sample 10379:
Reference: fire a property change from this object
Candidate: fire a property change from this object

Sample 10380:
Reference: adding wlst dependencies and setting main class .
Candidate: adding <UNK> dependencies and setting main class .

Sample 10381:
Reference: add an explicit exception .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> to to the static <UNK> .

Sample 10382:
Reference: removes the from tags .
Candidate: removes the from tags .

Sample 10383:
Reference: test if the candidate deletion is a valid operation theorem from chickering .
Candidate: check if the graph should have the same graph for any allocation nodes .

Sample 10384:
Reference: creates and adds a tab from codestylesettingsprovider .
Candidate: creates an http status with the provided <UNK> .

Sample 10385:
Reference: lists all the gpu devices of the platform
Candidate: lists all the commands devices of the platform

Sample 10386:
Reference: defines the size unit
Candidate: define the actual unit

Sample 10387:
Reference: the real dialog . dismiss will be invoked async ly after the animation finishes .
Candidate: the real dialog . dismiss will be invoked async ly after the animation finishes .

Sample 10388:
Reference: squashes a number by calculating log x .
Candidate: clamp the natural value to the the of the system .

Sample 10389:
Reference: private optimization retrieve the global inputmethodmanager instance if it exists .
Candidate: the identity method instance if it exists .

Sample 10390:
Reference: adds the specified component to the layout using the specified constraint object .
Candidate: adds the specified component to the layout using the specified constraint object .

Sample 10391:
Reference: finds the first position in which val could be inserted without changing the ordering .
Candidate: finds the first position in which val could be inserted without changing the ordering .

Sample 10392:
Reference: decreases the timer by a specific value .
Candidate: decreases the timer by a specific amount .

Sample 10393:
Reference: returns int with given nibbles in it .
Candidate: returns int with given bytes

Sample 10394:
Reference: store a new task in the map for providing cancellation .
Candidate: run a task on the current core

Sample 10395:
Reference: zooms in or out by the given scale factor .
Candidate: zooms in or or by by the given scale factor .

Sample 10396:
Reference: init all values that will be used by this shader .
Candidate: init all values that will be used by this shader .

Sample 10397:
Reference: returns true if this object is enabled .
Candidate: gets the value of the enabled property .

Sample 10398:
Reference: reset the list of online players .
Candidate: clear the legion list and removes all players in a stage .

Sample 10399:
Reference: closes an input stream .
Candidate: closes an input stream .

Sample 10400:
Reference: skillcaster absorbed num hp by using skillname .
Candidate: you inflicted num damage on skilltarget by using skillname .

Sample 10401:
Reference: by default redirect responses etc .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is to be highlighted using the <UNK> .

Sample 10402:
Reference: deletes an index .
Candidate: deletes the given identifier for this index .

Sample 10403:
Reference: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
Candidate: enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .

Sample 10404:
Reference: create a query for matching a box .
Candidate: instantiates a new query for use with the specified latitude and longitude .

Sample 10405:
Reference: get an optional string associated with a key .
Candidate: get an optional string associated with a key .

Sample 10406:
Reference: create a renderscript context .
Candidate: create a new context using the provided context type

Sample 10407:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 10408:
Reference: inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver .
Candidate: inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver .

Sample 10409:
Reference: profile fields to return .
Candidate: profile fields to return .

Sample 10410:
Reference: cancel the task from scheduled timer .
Candidate: instructs the webview to cancel the authentication request .

Sample 10411:
Reference: prints out the name of the datatype .
Candidate: returns the attribute name as a string .

Sample 10412:
Reference: returns true if the supplied coordinates are within this graphic .
Candidate: returns true if the supplied coordinates are within this graphic .

Sample 10413:
Reference: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 10414:
Reference: internal adds properties to the mapping .
Candidate: method this an event property to the descriptor .

Sample 10415:
Reference: checks if is use session id .
Candidate: returns true if the session session id is enabled .

Sample 10416:
Reference: rewind to previous position .
Candidate: rewind to previous position .

Sample 10417:
Reference: removes all required attributes .
Candidate: removes all required attributes .

Sample 10418:
Reference: called when a new channel is created allows subclasses to add their own handlers first like an ssl handler .
Candidate: called when a new channel is created allows subclasses to add to add their own handlers first

Sample 10419:
Reference: returns the string form of this object
Candidate: get the null string value .

Sample 10420:
Reference: appends a new global comment to the list of global instruction comments associated with the given instruction .
Candidate: appends a global comment to an instruction .

Sample 10421:
Reference: adds an event to this request s event log for debugging .
Candidate: adds an event to this request s event log for debugging .

Sample 10422:
Reference: returns true if parameterized type and not of the form list ?
Candidate: returns whether the type is currently bound to a collective .

Sample 10423:
Reference: returns true if ignored sections where found the pon file
Candidate: returns true if this instruction represents a more one

Sample 10424:
Reference: adds a start element tag .
Candidate: adds a start element tag .

Sample 10425:
Reference: checks the edittext text is empty .
Candidate: checks the edittext text is empty .

Sample 10426:
Reference: adds a switch port to suppress lldp set .
Candidate: adds a switch port to suppress lldp set .

Sample 10427:
Reference: create an instance of xpathfilter element
Candidate: create an instance of wssx pkipathv filter

Sample 10428:
Reference: set the room member avatar in an imageview .
Candidate: load the static member id from the current user .

Sample 10429:
Reference: clears the value of the domain field
Candidate: clears the value of the domain field

Sample 10430:
Reference: removes an element from the element .
Candidate: removes an element from the element .

Sample 10431:
Reference: adds all elements of the universe to this queue .
Candidate: adds all of the elements from the appropriate enum type to this enum set .

Sample 10432:
Reference: returns true if the class already has a svuid field .
Candidate: returns true if the class already has a svuid field .

Sample 10433:
Reference: is the r flag set
Candidate: returns whether the not this is a <UNK> flag .

Sample 10434:
Reference: returns a list with the paths of all java classes .
Candidate: creates a list of all file types by the same file .

Sample 10435:
Reference: adds this object class to the schema overwriting any existing object class with the same numeric oid .
Candidate: adds this name object the schema overwriting any existing schema overwriting with the same numeric oid .

Sample 10436:
Reference: log a message specifying source class and method if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .
Candidate: log a message specifying source class and method if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .

Sample 10437:
Reference: builds a new query for the given attribute .
Candidate: builds a new query for the given entity

Sample 10438:
Reference: render the comment part of the model prepending each row with .
Candidate: render the comment part of the model prepending each row with .

Sample 10439:
Reference: sends a message to the server ie helo foo . example . com .
Candidate: sends the message to the user ie helo foo .

Sample 10440:
Reference: returns whether a distorting transformation has been applied to the document .
Candidate: determine if we want to transform the <UNK> type this oplog

Sample 10441:
Reference: encode into a canonical string .
Candidate: encode the body part of this header i . e .

Sample 10442:
Reference: called to repaint the panel based on changes in the to the selected synapse type .
Candidate: called to repaint the panel based on changes in the to the selected neuron type .

Sample 10443:
Reference: returns true if the texture has been initialized .
Candidate: returns whether the receiver is available for deletion .

Sample 10444:
Reference: returns whether this object can accept focus or not .
Candidate: returns whether this object can accept focus or not .

Sample 10445:
Reference: inverts this matcher that is inverts the result that is returned from the matching methods .
Candidate: inverts this setting of the the system by the .

Sample 10446:
Reference: callback method called after opencv library initialization .
Candidate: callback method called after opencv library initialization .

Sample 10447:
Reference: pauses the program until the user presses enter in the console .
Candidate: pauses the the the the application until the user presses the enter the task .

Sample 10448:
Reference: componentlistener interface method .
Candidate: invoked when the component s position changes .

Sample 10449:
Reference: callback for when the scale changes
Candidate: callback for when the scale changes

Sample 10450:
Reference: unbind given disposable to the lifecycle of this owner .
Candidate: removes whether the given disposable to the owner of this owner .

Sample 10451:
Reference: if the container is configured to emit idle container events this method is called when the container idle event is emitted allowing a seek operation .
Candidate: called when the container is idle to the given topic .

Sample 10452:
Reference: invalidate the blur view .
Candidate: updates the view progress and update the view .

Sample 10453:
Reference: increments the primitive value mapped to key by
Candidate: increments the primitive value mapped to key by

Sample 10454:
Reference: check for and report literal out of bounds error .
Candidate: is the exception make sure variable is a .

Sample 10455:
Reference: create a contentobserver from the observer and register it as an observer on the underlying cursor .
Candidate: creates an observer for <UNK> to check if the <UNK> is enabled .

Sample 10456:
Reference: saves all perspectives to the users config directory .
Candidate: saves all the data storage

Sample 10457:
Reference: create a new caseinsensitivemap .
Candidate: create a new caseinsensitivemap .

Sample 10458:
Reference: returns a read only set of the filters .
Candidate: returns a read only set of the filters .

Sample 10459:
Reference: returns a string representation of the given matrix .
Candidate: returns a formatted string representation of the given matrix .

Sample 10460:
Reference: returns a boolean stating whether the flv has metadata
Candidate: returns a boolean stating whether the mp has metadata

Sample 10461:
Reference: comment of the via header .
Candidate: returns true if this xml node contains a comment .

Sample 10462:
Reference: checks if is double .
Candidate: checks if the given operand can be a double

Sample 10463:
Reference: adds all attributes from the current xml tag to metrics as name value pairs
Candidate: add the metrics to a new attribute type .

Sample 10464:
Reference: called when a possibly new member is detected by receiving a direct channel message from him .
Candidate: event indicating that a new member has joined the system .

Sample 10465:
Reference: switch visibility public private of the project represented by it s path .
Candidate: switch current visibility when view to the .

Sample 10466:
Reference: returns the serialization that the client and server agreed upon
Candidate: returns the serialization method that this connection .

Sample 10467:
Reference: disable caching of result sets .
Candidate: disable caching of result sets .

Sample 10468:
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface .
Candidate: method for beancontextchild interface .

Sample 10469:
Reference: evaluate the division of parameters .
Candidate: evaluate the division of parameters .

Sample 10470:
Reference: copy a folder from workspace to either sandbox or registry
Candidate: copy a folder in the folder folder or creates a new folder when all the changes .

Sample 10471:
Reference: show an embedcontentviewactivity with a given title and a url .
Candidate: show an <UNK> with a given title and a url .

Sample 10472:
Reference: called when a menu item has been selected .
Candidate: called to see if the popup menu is selected in the menu item .

Sample 10473:
Reference: applies fastitemindex item iidx to the first element of the tuple .
Candidate: applies fastitemindex one iidx to the first element of the tuple .

Sample 10474:
Reference: creates and returns the initial state of data structure that needs to be stably stored .
Candidate: gets the initial version of the storage system .

Sample 10475:
Reference: convenience method to determine if we are connected to wifi .
Candidate: convenience to determine if we are connected to the wifi network .

Sample 10476:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 10477:
Reference: resets the iterator to the last start node .
Candidate: resets the iterator to the last start node .

Sample 10478:
Reference: explicitly removes the type from the entity .
Candidate: explicitly removes the type from the entity .

Sample 10479:
Reference: this code is executed before the method is called .
Candidate: this code is executed before the code is called .

Sample 10480:
Reference: tries to cancel a wait by matching node to itself .
Candidate: tries to cancel a wait by matching node to itself .

Sample 10481:
Reference: match a token with tt type type and the token value is a given sequence of characters .
Candidate: match a token with tt type type where the token represents the given char .

Sample 10482:
Reference: ! begin user doc write your own initialization here ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc write your own initialization here ! end user doc

Sample 10483:
Reference: the default position increment gap for a particular version of elasticsearch .
Candidate: returns the plural gap for the specified number of <UNK> .

Sample 10484:
Reference: realiza la liberacion de una unidad de instalacion poniendo su estado a libre l y a nulo el campo iduinstalacion
Candidate: realiza la <UNK> de una unidad de instalacion <UNK> <UNK> por el <UNK> .

Sample 10485:
Reference: is called when image loading task was started
Candidate: is called when image loading task was started

Sample 10486:
Reference: convert a chess move string to a move object .
Candidate: converts the left side to a single string in <UNK> .

Sample 10487:
Reference: transforms the encoding of the text starting from the character at index start and transforming count characters using the specified context .
Candidate: transforms the encoding of the text starting from the character at index start and transforming count characters using the specified context .

Sample 10488:
Reference: create a builder for resourcetype .
Candidate: instantiates an empty message builder .

Sample 10489:
Reference: called when a response is received .
Candidate: called when a response is received .

Sample 10490:
Reference: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
Candidate: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .

Sample 10491:
Reference: begin setting up the c side counterpart to this class .
Candidate: begin setting up the c side counterpart to this class .

Sample 10492:
Reference: returns the current size of the datagram bytebuffer .
Candidate: get the size size of the total number of cpus in this list .

Sample 10493:
Reference: verify if dataprovider has previous records .
Candidate: returns whether the wizard has previous page .

Sample 10494:
Reference: tests if string value is uuid value
Candidate: tests if string is a value value

Sample 10495:
Reference: writes a message to this writer .
Candidate: writes a message to this writer .

Sample 10496:
Reference: creates a new adapter for the default case .
Candidate: creates a new adapter for the default case .

Sample 10497:
Reference: translate a variant object to object when it is a dispatch translate it to comwrapper
Candidate: get an object to be written as a mapping if it is excluded .

Sample 10498:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10499:
Reference: notify that previously unused pages are in use again .
Candidate: recycle the data pages that the number of pages .

Sample 10500:
Reference: called by subclasses to check if all extensions are initialized .
Candidate: called by subclasses to check if all extensions are initialized .

Sample 10501:
Reference: disconnects from the api
Candidate: disconnects from the api

Sample 10502:
Reference: returns true if the host is of type esx or other
Candidate: check if the given host is is removed for the <UNK> host and

Sample 10503:
Reference: edits information about a video on a user or community page .
Candidate: edits the video edits for a user wall video album .

Sample 10504:
Reference: returns true if this task was cancelled before it completed normally .
Candidate: returns true if this task was cancelled before it completed normally .

Sample 10505:
Reference: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .
Candidate: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .

Sample 10506:
Reference: calculate length of randomly generated char sequence .
Candidate: calculates the most common bits of the most four bytes .

Sample 10507:
Reference: assume move had been valid so the undo is a straightforward swap .
Candidate: assume move had been valid move the undo is a straightforward swap .

Sample 10508:
Reference: checks if the specified permission is implied by this object .
Candidate: checks if the specified permission is implied by this object .

Sample 10509:
Reference: invoked after the debugger caused an exception .
Candidate: invoked after the debugger caused an exception .

Sample 10510:
Reference: gets whether this field is leap .
Candidate: gets this field for this field in ?

Sample 10511:
Reference: makes a copy of the polynomial that is independent of the original .
Candidate: create a new pt from the original .

Sample 10512:
Reference: callback invoked after a bucket has been removed from a member e . g .
Candidate: called after indicate that the bucket will removed from the bucket s bucket .

Sample 10513:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10514:
Reference: converts all ttml input documents to corresponding itt .
Candidate: <UNK> document designation for converting the waveform transformer

Sample 10515:
Reference: id of the user whose friend request is to be declined or who is to be deleted from the current user s friend list .
Candidate: user id of a user to be a friend request of the user interface .

Sample 10516:
Reference: return a mod b .
Candidate: cannot a mod b .

Sample 10517:
Reference: editor became dirty containing unsaved changes or got saved
Candidate: editor became dirty containing unsaved changes or got saved

Sample 10518:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: returns true if the projection considers distinct values only .

Sample 10519:
Reference: coordinates represents position relative to the viewer s control .
Candidate: find the x part of a particular entity to the x y .

Sample 10520:
Reference: add links into a textview .
Candidate: add links into a textview .

Sample 10521:
Reference: unregisters a change observer .
Candidate: unregisters a change observer .

Sample 10522:
Reference: returns the string representation .
Candidate: returns the string representation .

Sample 10523:
Reference: executes a step after the storage policy transition is completed .
Candidate: executes a bucket policy object for the the bucket business index files and the the <UNK> .

Sample 10524:
Reference: return turn if the method is a source method that has a high level information kind defined .
Candidate: check to the given method is a source method of the super method .

Sample 10525:
Reference: estimates the height that the number of vspan cells will take up .
Candidate: returns the minimum height of the ar left for the horizontal line .

Sample 10526:
Reference: get the tag for the table from the record header .
Candidate: returns the header of of the header .

Sample 10527:
Reference: notification that an expression instance has been modified in some way .
Candidate: relay an expression of the expression tree .

Sample 10528:
Reference: provides a file to convert to pdf .
Candidate: provides a file to be automatically for the specified file .

Sample 10529:
Reference: describes the rule in wiki .
Candidate: do the rule to be rewritten in the way .

Sample 10530:
Reference: create a range from a range lt biginteger gt . tostring value .
Candidate: create a range of value with the single range .

Sample 10531:
Reference: reads a project setting from the database .
Candidate: reads a single module setting from the database .

Sample 10532:
Reference: only select decision tables with the given ids .
Candidate: only select decision tables that are used to define the <UNK> tables

Sample 10533:
Reference: gets the configuration class associated with this configuration .
Candidate: preserve any subclass implementation was set to a fresh environment .

Sample 10534:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of this method

Sample 10535:
Reference: returns true if autoscrolling is currently running for the specified widget .
Candidate: returns true if autoscrolling is currently running for the specified widget .

Sample 10536:
Reference: returns a new immutable type to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .
Candidate: returns a new immutable type to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .

Sample 10537:
Reference: returns whether the capture is complete which is the case once the image and capture result are both present .
Candidate: checks if the <UNK> is already completed successfully for the current time .

Sample 10538:
Reference: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field success is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 10539:
Reference: decodes the specified bytes and initializes this message .
Candidate: decodes the specified bytes and initializes the request .

Sample 10540:
Reference: returns number of spaces in the maze .
Candidate: gets the number of edges in this graph .

Sample 10541:
Reference: executes this procedure .
Candidate: executes this procedure .

Sample 10542:
Reference: returns the version of the currently running jvm .
Candidate: return the current version of the application system .

Sample 10543:
Reference: checks if the cabc feature is enabled
Candidate: determines whether a <UNK> can be enabled in the machine .

Sample 10544:
Reference: sets the scroll position to scrollamount pixels .
Candidate: adds a scroll of a percentage of pixels .

Sample 10545:
Reference: add an expression to include in the computation .
Candidate: add a sub to include in the computation .

Sample 10546:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 10547:
Reference: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time
Candidate: invoke when scroll percent over the threshold for the first time

Sample 10548:
Reference: called before draw the single notch .
Candidate: called before draw the single notch .

Sample 10549:
Reference: checks if child element has same owner document before appending to the parent and imports it to the parent s document if necessary .
Candidate: add a child to the specified parent node if needed .

Sample 10550:
Reference: updates the locator string that is used to discover members of the distributed system .
Candidate: updates the locators in the <UNK> map to make sure it is not changed .

Sample 10551:
Reference: convert durations to the given time unit .
Candidate: convert durations to the given time unit .

Sample 10552:
Reference: checks if this sender has any confirmation pending
Candidate: indicates whether this is is already a pending connection or not .

Sample 10553:
Reference: helper method to prevent live precise bugs from interfering with analysis of what is reachable .
Candidate: helper method to prevent live precise bugs from interfering with analysis of what is reachable .

Sample 10554:
Reference: calling this with a value of false will cause the nodeset to be cached .
Candidate: calling this with a value of false will cause the nodeset to be cached .

Sample 10555:
Reference: read single byte from blob .
Candidate: read single byte from blob .

Sample 10556:
Reference: report selected deferred diagnostics .
Candidate: report selected deferred diagnostics .

Sample 10557:
Reference: indicates that a group is contained in the groups tree
Candidate: checks if a group features on this group

Sample 10558:
Reference: add a number of weekyears to the date .
Candidate: adds a number of weekyears to the date .

Sample 10559:
Reference: called to signal that the drop is acceptable using the specified operation .
Candidate: called to signal that the drop is acceptable using the specified operation .

Sample 10560:
Reference: continue the authentication request .
Candidate: process a url to .

Sample 10561:
Reference: installs a default parser if one has not been installed yet .
Candidate: installs a default parser if one has not been installed yet .

Sample 10562:
Reference: parses the xml string into a document .
Candidate: downloads the document string representation the document and

Sample 10563:
Reference: forward orientation of the rule w . r . t .
Candidate: forward the corner rule for which the top in the phrase corner .

Sample 10564:
Reference: use this method to register a listener
Candidate: register a listener with receiving notifications about changes on this host .

Sample 10565:
Reference: update the cache with this binder
Candidate: register an annotation and attempts to the given annotation type .

Sample 10566:
Reference: returns true if the generated code ends with return throw or goto .
Candidate: returns true if the generated code ends with return throw or goto .

Sample 10567:
Reference: search for the next method invocation that we ve traced stopping when we reach an event with an instruction on a different line .
Candidate: move the user to next next frame .

Sample 10568:
Reference: called when the grabbed state changes i . e .
Candidate: called when the grabbed state changes i . e .

Sample 10569:
Reference: will only notify once
Candidate: will only notify once

Sample 10570:
Reference: draws the line that goes alongside the axis .
Candidate: draws the line that goes alongside the axis .

Sample 10571:
Reference: cancels a pending or current synchronization .
Candidate: cancels a pending or current synchronization .

Sample 10572:
Reference: performs a plausibility check on the given schedule and network files and writes the results to the output folder .
Candidate: performs a plausibility check on network line and writes

Sample 10573:
Reference: query the table for the number of rows in the table .
Candidate: the query by query for the number of rows and return .

Sample 10574:
Reference: open thrift writer for writing dictionary chunk meta object
Candidate: open thrift writer for writing dictionary chunk meta object

Sample 10575:
Reference: prints text to output with level
Candidate: p print text to a timestamp

Sample 10576:
Reference: cancels included only option
Candidate: cancels included turnouts only option

Sample 10577:
Reference: creates an output limit clause .
Candidate: creates an output limit clause .

Sample 10578:
Reference: returns true if field error is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field error is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 10579:
Reference: decodes the provided encoded schema element id .
Candidate: decodes the id compressed with a byte id .

Sample 10580:
Reference: convert this utm reference to a string representation for printing out .
Candidate: returns the string representation of the identity zone .

Sample 10581:
Reference: set anim to start when loading
Candidate: set anim to onstart when loading

Sample 10582:
Reference: get a term from a search results line .
Candidate: return the plural form of the given string .

Sample 10583:
Reference: return if the vertex is pinned to memory and will not be forgotten .
Candidate: return if the vertex is pinned to memory and will not be forgotten .

Sample 10584:
Reference: adds a production to this rule .
Candidate: adds a production to this rule .

Sample 10585:
Reference: puts the boolean value at the given offset
Candidate: puts the boolean value at the given offset

Sample 10586:
Reference: writes input keyczar key as a json string to output .
Candidate: serializes input as input json to a json .

Sample 10587:
Reference: skilltarget recovered num dp because you used skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget s flight time increased by num because you used skillname .

Sample 10588:
Reference: ruft den wert der systembackup eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: ruft den wert der <UNK> eigenschaft ab .

Sample 10589:
Reference: adds a discoveryproviderlistener which should be the discoverymanager
Candidate: adds a <UNK> which should be the <UNK>

Sample 10590:
Reference: create and return a references header .
Candidate: create a references header .

Sample 10591:
Reference: called by the activity when a message has been passed back to the application
Candidate: called by the activity when a message passed in the application to

Sample 10592:
Reference: loads the given xml schema document into this factory so schema aware document elements and attributes will be created by this factory .
Candidate: loads the schemas against the specified schema

Sample 10593:
Reference: deletes public key with given key id .
Candidate: removes the mapping key from the specified key identifier .

Sample 10594:
Reference: the number of entries in the counter not the total count use totalcount instead .
Candidate: the number of entries in the counter not the total count use totalcount instead .

Sample 10595:
Reference: adds a headers to the list of banned headers .
Candidate: add the header header to the list of urls to be logged in .

Sample 10596:
Reference: fetches a group in the group dictionary by a given key creating a new group if the key doesn t exist yet .
Candidate: fetches the group of key to match the the index .

Sample 10597:
Reference: write the movie in swf format to the given output stream .
Candidate: write the movie in swf format to the given file .

Sample 10598:
Reference: use this method to initialize your intro screens and set up various styling options .
Candidate: initializes the creator .

Sample 10599:
Reference: called after the last line to flush remaining items .
Candidate: synchronously be all all memory storage in items only the the storage storage

Sample 10600:
Reference: returns a set of all of the keys and values
Candidate: returns a set of all of the keys and values

Sample 10601:
Reference: set the matrix to identity
Candidate: resets the matrix .

Sample 10602:
Reference: reads an unsigned corba long that is java int value from this input stream .
Candidate: reads an idl unsigned long from the input stream .

Sample 10603:
Reference: modifies the current matrix by post multiplying it with a translation matrix of given dimensions
Candidate: modifies the current matrix by post of multiplying it with a translation matrix of given dimensions

Sample 10604:
Reference: creates a new function lexical unit .
Candidate: creates a new function lexical unit .

Sample 10605:
Reference: marks this processing runnable as pending .
Candidate: marks this processing runnable as pending .

Sample 10606:
Reference: strip white spaces from both end and collapse white spaces in the middle .
Candidate: strips the first string with the given prefix and strips whitespace .

Sample 10607:
Reference: returns true if promotions have been applied to this delivery .
Candidate: returns whether if the promo is to be executed at the <UNK> .

Sample 10608:
Reference: list all mailboxes for a user
Candidate: list all mailboxes that are the to the system .

Sample 10609:
Reference: observe a class being visited .
Candidate: called when the class to discover by the named class .

Sample 10610:
Reference: removes a node from head of queue .
Candidate: removes a node from head of queue .

Sample 10611:
Reference: convenience method for sending a message to an actor and returning the result .
Candidate: convenience method for sending a message to an actor or returning the result .

Sample 10612:
Reference: tell an lru that a new entry has been created
Candidate: called when the evictionpolicy implementation got created by the test method .

Sample 10613:
Reference: sends an email from nomulus to the specified recipient .
Candidate: sends email to message along with the specified subject and text

Sample 10614:
Reference: add view that needs gradual change
Candidate: add a view to <UNK> to it in the <UNK> list

Sample 10615:
Reference: tests if the path refers to a file .
Candidate: tests if the path refers to this file .

Sample 10616:
Reference: this method returns true or false depending on whether this identityhandler handles identity for this object
Candidate: indicates whether the object is to be the currentparseobject

Sample 10617:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 10618:
Reference: creates a mosaic definition that conforms to a certain pattern .
Candidate: creates a mosaic definition with the specified id and properties .

Sample 10619:
Reference: schedule a job to start at a specific time with specific recurrence info
Candidate: schedule a job to start at a specific time with specific recurrence info

Sample 10620:
Reference: called when the source is disabled .
Candidate: disables the source .

Sample 10621:
Reference: remove a node by taking the first one from the queue .
Candidate: remove and remove the last from the list queue .

Sample 10622:
Reference: compute the union size of two bitsets .
Candidate: returns the size of two bitsets .

Sample 10623:
Reference: called to coalesce paint events .
Candidate: called to coalesce paint events .

Sample 10624:
Reference: called when a sliding pane s position changes .
Candidate: called when a sliding pane s position changes .

Sample 10625:
Reference: called when a replay file is found .
Candidate: called when the implementing file is to be processed .

Sample 10626:
Reference: removes and disposes a binary entry associated with the given name from this binary store .
Candidate: removes the entry entry from the given entry the the corresponding values in the hash for the given entry .

Sample 10627:
Reference: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
Candidate: writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .

Sample 10628:
Reference: produces a reflective class .
Candidate: produces a reflective class .

Sample 10629:
Reference: sets the values of the variogram
Candidate: trains this metric on the given regression problem data set

Sample 10630:
Reference: gets node by node id .
Candidate: gets node by id .

Sample 10631:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10632:
Reference: handle a packet on the server side .
Candidate: handle a packet on the server side .

Sample 10633:
Reference: returns the number of bits yet to be read .
Candidate: returns the number of bits yet to be read .

Sample 10634:
Reference: reset the cv to a value so one can detect if it s been written .
Candidate: resets a given value to the selected .

Sample 10635:
Reference: indicates whether current os is windows server .
Candidate: determines if the os is windows vista windows only .

Sample 10636:
Reference: returns a new numbervector of n for the given values .
Candidate: returns an new numbervector of n for the given values array .

Sample 10637:
Reference: manually shows the previous child .
Candidate: manually shows to the previous child .

Sample 10638:
Reference: elimina los documentos asociados al tipo de asunto
Candidate: delete all occurances of a particular thread id

Sample 10639:
Reference: non atomic read of byte containing available bits
Candidate: read the byte byte read for non volatile tag .

Sample 10640:
Reference: strip and return the delivery receipt as an object of t .
Candidate: strips n <UNK> message

Sample 10641:
Reference: return the i or j index of the leaf cell containing the given s or t value .
Candidate: return the i or j index of the leaf cell containing the given t or value .

Sample 10642:
Reference: unreads the most recent character of input .
Candidate: unreads the most recent character of input .

Sample 10643:
Reference: encodes the given uri path segment with the given encoding .
Candidate: encodes the given path segment with the given encoding .

Sample 10644:
Reference: check if a type is at an index
Candidate: check if the not the given type is to be replaced by the type of an error type .

Sample 10645:
Reference: starts the command line utility for validating files using message digests .
Candidate: starts the command line utility for validating files using message digests .

Sample 10646:
Reference: shim to set the result type of the extraction .
Candidate: shim to set the result type of the extraction .

Sample 10647:
Reference: returns the set of objects pointed to by variable l in context c .
Candidate: returns the set of objects pointed to by variable l in context c .

Sample 10648:
Reference: the brigade general has requested to disband the legion .
Candidate: you have the legion member to be removed from the legion .

Sample 10649:
Reference: rolls back a dbms transaction .
Candidate: rolls back all updates in the dbms set .

Sample 10650:
Reference: gets the value of the vassertsenabled property .
Candidate: gets the value of the vassertsenabled property .

Sample 10651:
Reference: stops the class loader .
Candidate: stop the service .

Sample 10652:
Reference: cache headers related methods .
Candidate: retrieve the message to use the cache p this does this by sending it again .

Sample 10653:
Reference: write a graph to the given file .
Candidate: write a graph to the given file with the given filename .

Sample 10654:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 10655:
Reference: creates a retrycontext . builder to configure a custom retry .
Candidate: creates a custom error context for posting to the user .

Sample 10656:
Reference: used to add an edge to the call graph .
Candidate: adds the edge edge to the graph .

Sample 10657:
Reference: returns true if the call is due to an explicit static invoke statement .
Candidate: returns true if the query is due to an explicit static invoke statement .

Sample 10658:
Reference: resumes engine work .
Candidate: resumes engine work .

Sample 10659:
Reference: start a stopwatch .
Candidate: processes the time timer .

Sample 10660:
Reference: returns true if the data start position and size have been set .
Candidate: returns whether this not the data data was available for the the specified time .

Sample 10661:
Reference: creates an interop filter from handle .
Candidate: create local filter filter .

Sample 10662:
Reference: increments the targets all counter .
Candidate: increment the invalid count all entries .

Sample 10663:
Reference: assuming the specified string represents a short returns that short s value .
Candidate: assuming the specified string represents a short returns that short s value .

Sample 10664:
Reference: invoked from classpool compress .
Candidate: invoked from classpool compress .

Sample 10665:
Reference: shuts down the executor .
Candidate: shut down the scanner waiting for all previously queued tasks to complete .

Sample 10666:
Reference: remove the given statement from the list of open statements
Candidate: remove the statement statement for statements .

Sample 10667:
Reference: returns true if the session has an active database connection .
Candidate: returns true if the session has an active database connection .

Sample 10668:
Reference: validates that the view type is within the valid range .
Candidate: validates that the view type is within the valid range .

Sample 10669:
Reference: builds a record from dns uncompressed wire format .
Candidate: converts a descriptor from an array and return from a specific type into the type level .

Sample 10670:
Reference: post multiplies the current matrix by a given parameter
Candidate: post multiplies the current matrix by a given parameter

Sample 10671:
Reference: creates a new votriggerdefinition object and fills the fields with the corresponding fields from the given domain object .
Candidate: converts the minimum value model to the given key definition .

Sample 10672:
Reference: is the response code a bad request ?
Candidate: is the response code a bad request ?

Sample 10673:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10674:
Reference: returns true if the ssotokenid associated with this ssotoken is a restricted token false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if the ssotokenid associated with this ssotoken is restricted with this ssotoken restricted token .

Sample 10675:
Reference: computes the discrete sine transform dst ii of each column of this matrix .
Candidate: computes the discrete sine transform dst ii of each column of this matrix .

Sample 10676:
Reference: dry runs the query in the given project .
Candidate: executes the specified query and returns the latest configuration .

Sample 10677:
Reference: converts a multipart container back into a block .
Candidate: converts all the container and converts to the block content to a multipart group .

Sample 10678:
Reference: copies this attribute and returns a new copy .
Candidate: copies this attribute and returns a new copy .

Sample 10679:
Reference: checks whether all logging is enabled
Candidate: checks whether all logging is enabled

Sample 10680:
Reference: gets the order of the bytes .
Candidate: gets the order of the bytes .

Sample 10681:
Reference: runs this machine s operation or smelts the item .
Candidate: called when a operation operation is performed

Sample 10682:
Reference: check if there are pending downloads and if so move the top one up to the active list .
Candidate: updates the pending recalculation of the pending list and make it to the pending state .

Sample 10683:
Reference: releases all native objects .
Candidate: releases all native objects .

Sample 10684:
Reference: will be called at the end of the init stage
Candidate: initialization will be called after the normalization model is retrieved .

Sample 10685:
Reference: called when an adjacent te changes
Candidate: block a block that there s a block update .

Sample 10686:
Reference: evaluate this operation directly to a double .
Candidate: evaluate this operation directly to a double .

Sample 10687:
Reference: acknowledges that there was a touch in the search content view though no immediate action needs to be taken .
Candidate: called when the search was a touch that the view was no immediate or not .

Sample 10688:
Reference: obtiene si el usuario conectado puede ver el directorio .
Candidate: obtiene si el usuario conectado puede ver el directorio .

Sample 10689:
Reference: draws the background of this legend with the specified drawing context .
Candidate: draws the background of this legend with the specified drawing context .

Sample 10690:
Reference: enters a new lexical state
Candidate: enters a new lexical state

Sample 10691:
Reference: utility function to check if the given mesh is the same instance as ours .
Candidate: throws the current plugin to be used to the power of the faces centroid .

Sample 10692:
Reference: called when the user has accepted the eula and the dialog closes .
Candidate: called when the user has accepted the eula and the dialog closes .

Sample 10693:
Reference: this routine is called from the dswfinfo object and is used to obtain linerecord information from the actionlists
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> method to add a new line in the <UNK> list which contains it as a new line

Sample 10694:
Reference: return true if the xsl strip space or xsl preserve space was processed during construction of the dtm document .
Candidate: return true if the xsl strip space or xsl preserve space was processed during construction of the dtm document .

Sample 10695:
Reference: returns true if keys exists can be either final string s or sub stanza
Candidate: returns whether the jsonobject contains a key of the specified key .

Sample 10696:
Reference: returns true if the given objects are equal with respect to this hash strategy .
Candidate: check whether this entry was implemented by the same key .

Sample 10697:
Reference: merge annotations whilst ignoring coreferences .
Candidate: add an annotation to the old annotations removing them with the old annotations .

Sample 10698:
Reference: reverse accrual document .
Candidate: note reverse document is mostly

Sample 10699:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 10700:
Reference: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .
Candidate: ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null .

Sample 10701:
Reference: internal return true if this accessor is a multitenant id mapping .
Candidate: returns true if this is a dynamic id for example .

Sample 10702:
Reference: write a log record to a log segment .
Candidate: write a log record to a log segment .

Sample 10703:
Reference: registers a force constraint with the constraint engine
Candidate: registers a force constraint constraints with the user engine

Sample 10704:
Reference: executes the next task in the queue
Candidate: starts the execution of the pipeline

Sample 10705:
Reference: synchronously executes the remote operation do not call this method from the main thread .
Candidate: synchronously executes the remote operation do not call this method from the main thread .

Sample 10706:
Reference: hiding all available badges
Candidate: hide all popups by index in the project

Sample 10707:
Reference: saves the multi page editor s document .
Candidate: saves the contents of this editor .

Sample 10708:
Reference: append an element to the superinterfaceid list .
Candidate: append an element to the superinterfaceid list .

Sample 10709:
Reference: asserts that two ints are equal .
Candidate: asserts that two ints are equal .

Sample 10710:
Reference: method called to augment annotations by adding specified annotation if and only if it is not yet present in the annotation map we have .
Candidate: add a to not specified when the user annotation is not present .

Sample 10711:
Reference: skips the specified number of bytes from the current position .
Candidate: skip the current number of bytes into the buffer .

Sample 10712:
Reference: creates a new completion service for use by a single set of distributed requests .
Candidate: creates a new completion service for use by a single set of distributed requests .

Sample 10713:
Reference: add distinct entry to list
Candidate: add distinct entry to list

Sample 10714:
Reference: certificate info to use to generate the root certificate .
Candidate: sets the server info to use the new configuration server using the new configuration .

Sample 10715:
Reference: just make easier to understand
Candidate: just make easier to understand

Sample 10716:
Reference: convert from a calendar to the appropriate date type
Candidate: convert from a calendar to the appropriate date type

Sample 10717:
Reference: get price includes tax .
Candidate: get price includes tax .

Sample 10718:
Reference: checks whether this is a wildcard transition see class comment of speakernpc which can be fired by the given text .
Candidate: checks whether this is possible <UNK> for an animal class .

Sample 10719:
Reference: gets the value of the settingdisplaytopologysupported property .
Candidate: gets the value of the application setting for the usertimeline .

Sample 10720:
Reference: returns the string representing the object
Candidate: returns the string representing the object

Sample 10721:
Reference: true iff this sequence contains a statement at the given index .
Candidate: check if an index is on a valid index

Sample 10722:
Reference: return all of the region keys from the end to the head of the map in descending order .
Candidate: return all of the region keys from the map to the end of the map .

Sample 10723:
Reference: adds a listener to this table model that will be notified whenever the model changes
Candidate: adds a listener to the model changes

Sample 10724:
Reference: puts a character into this sink .
Candidate: puts a character into this sink .

Sample 10725:
Reference: called when the sensor position information has been obtained from the sensor
Candidate: called when the <UNK> has been changed

Sample 10726:
Reference: tell if mariadb driver accept url string .
Candidate: check if the url url is a url to the https and . domain .

Sample 10727:
Reference: checks the formal type parameters of a class or method signature .
Candidate: checks the formal type parameters of a class or method signature .

Sample 10728:
Reference: returns a mutable manage name identifier request object .
Candidate: returns an immutable manage name identifier request object .

Sample 10729:
Reference: fully reset the state not only the one related to latest test case execution
Candidate: reset the graphics to to the initial state .

Sample 10730:
Reference: true if this is a type variable
Candidate: returns true if the type was declared type as a type variable

Sample 10731:
Reference: writes the byte array to the buffer .
Candidate: write the size within the byte array which is written with the buffer .

Sample 10732:
Reference: function that checks if the given string is one of na strings .
Candidate: tests to see if the string is a hash function .

Sample 10733:
Reference: returns whether it has the entry relation type .
Candidate: returns whether it has the im type .

Sample 10734:
Reference: flushes the helper canceling the current parsing operation if there is one .
Candidate: flushes the helper canceling the current parsing operation if there is one .

Sample 10735:
Reference: convert mouse deltas to movement parallel to the screen plane at the given position
Candidate: called the position of the screen coordinates to be placed on the screen .

Sample 10736:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 10737:
Reference: override and return true if the service should be started before the device is decrypted .
Candidate: indicates if this service is a system service .

Sample 10738:
Reference: write a byte string .
Candidate: write a byte string .

Sample 10739:
Reference: called by button builders to add the button to the row .
Candidate: marks the <UNK> button in the stack where it should push button to be shown .

Sample 10740:
Reference: tests to see of a conversable object is actively engaged in a conversation .
Candidate: tests to see of a conversable object is actively engaged in a conversation .

Sample 10741:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10742:
Reference: adds destination entries for the payloadfilter to the logging resources .
Candidate: add a filter paths to the payload payload and rewrite the differences .

Sample 10743:
Reference: encodes a string into base format .
Candidate: encodes a string into base format .

Sample 10744:
Reference: updated closure with only the modified row key .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> that is not to be merged with the <UNK> key .

Sample 10745:
Reference: add attribute to sub context .
Candidate: set an attribute in the component .

Sample 10746:
Reference: called when the current sticky header changed .
Candidate: called when the user navigation is a particular <UNK> for a particular .

Sample 10747:
Reference: return the given value as an expression .
Candidate: return an expression representing the given expression .

Sample 10748:
Reference: bring the given annotation to the front .
Candidate: bring the given annotation to the window .

Sample 10749:
Reference: find a product in cache
Candidate: <UNK> true if the <UNK> is already needing to use a <UNK> .

Sample 10750:
Reference: return true if this field has a primitive type .
Candidate: return true if this field has a primitive type .

Sample 10751:
Reference: check the headset is plug in or plug out
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is set to be rendered at the head of .

Sample 10752:
Reference: writes a double value to an outputstream .
Candidate: writes a double value to an outputstream .

Sample 10753:
Reference: returns the default min radius
Candidate: the default minimum value for which is the maximum filter radius .

Sample 10754:
Reference: starts the post capture animation with the current preview image .
Candidate: starts the post capture animation with the given animation .

Sample 10755:
Reference: adds a list of triggers to the model defined by the variable label
Candidate: adds a new row to the list of relationship labels to the list .

Sample 10756:
Reference: update or insert a list of rows in the table .
Candidate: update or insert a list of rows in the table .

Sample 10757:
Reference: copy a collection of files from one location to another .
Candidate: copy the the list of files to the new instance .

Sample 10758:
Reference: dispatches the end transition event to suitable views .
Candidate: dispatches the end transition event to suitable views .

Sample 10759:
Reference: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .
Candidate: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .

Sample 10760:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: description of the method

Sample 10761:
Reference: file system observer finished checking event .
Candidate: file system observer finished checking event .

Sample 10762:
Reference: shuffling algorithm randomly permutes the specified array using a default source of randomness
Candidate: shuffling algorithm randomly permutes the specified array using a default source of randomness

Sample 10763:
Reference: this method checks all requirements that must be fulfilled by a page in a pdf a document .
Candidate: check if any page is not in the page .

Sample 10764:
Reference: causes the traverser to traverse all objects pointed to by root recursively .
Candidate: traverse the traversal from the entire context map .

Sample 10765:
Reference: return clone with different name
Candidate: return new instance with given name

Sample 10766:
Reference: return all of the indexentries in the range between start and end .
Candidate: return an array of the points within the range to start and end .

Sample 10767:
Reference: invoked when the results of your permission request are ready .
Candidate: called when the user selects a result of the users .

Sample 10768:
Reference: downloads the entire resource instead of part .
Candidate: downloads the entire resource instead of part .

Sample 10769:
Reference: add the vertex to the breadth set for traversal .
Candidate: add the vertex to the breadth vertex .

Sample 10770:
Reference: shows the welcome screen if it hasn t already been started or completed yet
Candidate: shows the welcome screen

Sample 10771:
Reference: log a debug message to file
Candidate: creates a new ssl library

Sample 10772:
Reference: compares the values in actual and expected ignoring order .
Candidate: compares the values in actual and expected .

Sample 10773:
Reference: creates secondary file system stack .
Candidate: creates a backed function for getting the secondary extensions .

Sample 10774:
Reference: handles discord events passed to it .
Candidate: returns true if the handles json .

Sample 10775:
Reference: makes the given visitor visit this parameter declaration .
Candidate: makes the given visitor visit this parameter declaration .

Sample 10776:
Reference: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .
Candidate: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .

Sample 10777:
Reference: to be used to determine the type of something that o was used on
Candidate: this implementation used to determine whether the type of is well for the caller

Sample 10778:
Reference: set the task list for this activity .
Candidate: starting raw data for this class as optional .

Sample 10779:
Reference: returns whether it has the number of times calendar was cleaned .
Candidate: returns whether it has the value .

Sample 10780:
Reference: creates a dom element that represents this mcmc analysis .
Candidate: creates an xml element with a xml document .

Sample 10781:
Reference: get all management ok . properties files in the directory indicated by the test . src management property .
Candidate: find all the ko . . files in the directory indicated by the test src property src . property .

Sample 10782:
Reference: creates a simple parsed query based on a single index for testing .
Candidate: creates a simple query based on a single index for testing .

Sample 10783:
Reference: returns the descriptor representing the given type .
Candidate: returns the descriptor representing the descriptor type .

Sample 10784:
Reference: elimina las fichas correspondientes a los ids pasados por parametro
Candidate: elimina los fichas correspondientes a los ids pasados por parametro

Sample 10785:
Reference: returns a stream for the children of the given parent element .
Candidate: returns a stream of the elements in the given tree node .

Sample 10786:
Reference: from xsltc declare a prefix to point to a namespace uri .
Candidate: from xsltc declare a prefix to point to a namespace uri .

Sample 10787:
Reference: adds one or more byhour rule parts .
Candidate: adds one or more byhour rule parts .

Sample 10788:
Reference: initialize the sentence segmetation for vietnamese return true if the initialization is successful and false otherwise .
Candidate: initialize the <UNK> instance to <UNK> the <UNK> .

Sample 10789:
Reference: schedules the runnable for future execution on the internal runloopthread .
Candidate: schedule a task to the specified delay .

Sample 10790:
Reference: retrieve the latest indices stats calling the listener when complete
Candidate: updates the input client sending time listener to the server .

Sample 10791:
Reference: updates statistics of this observer given an attribute value a class and the weight of the instance observed
Candidate: do this attribute in an attribute to the attribute class

Sample 10792:
Reference: adds a child instance to the class .
Candidate: adds a child node to the internal set .

Sample 10793:
Reference: add selector when missing to services and replication controller replica sets
Candidate: add a <UNK> to the static number of mutual entries for the given visitor .

Sample 10794:
Reference: proceed to the next available ring color .
Candidate: proceed to the next available ring color .

Sample 10795:
Reference: returns whether this revision matches .
Candidate: this whether the given revision is this property .

Sample 10796:
Reference: returns the total number of bytes written to this stream so far .
Candidate: returns the total number of bytes written to this stream so far .

Sample 10797:
Reference: updates a connection with a layered secure connection .
Candidate: updates a connection with a layered secure connection .

Sample 10798:
Reference: add a named parameter parsed from this sql statement .
Candidate: add a named parameter parsed from this sql statement .

Sample 10799:
Reference: starts the process of creating a sign in intent with the mandatory application context parameter .
Candidate: creates a new builder to allow the fingerprint intent .

Sample 10800:
Reference: clear s the whole repository .
Candidate: clears all the state of an entity to be moved out of the <UNK> .

Sample 10801:
Reference: add an animation section .
Candidate: add a section to the specified terminal .

Sample 10802:
Reference: translates the given key into a key from this key factory .
Candidate: translates a given object into a key from this key factory .

Sample 10803:
Reference: add alliance to league
Candidate: add alliance to kick out or alliance away .

Sample 10804:
Reference: returns the item least recently added to this queue .
Candidate: returns but does not remove the item most recently added to this stack .

Sample 10805:
Reference: registers a classloader for a class .
Candidate: registers a classloader to be used .

Sample 10806:
Reference: perceptual conversion is the method implemented by the base class s torgb method
Candidate: translates data matrix into a matrix array of <UNK> values .

Sample 10807:
Reference: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .
Candidate: callback method that an error has been occurred with the provided error code and optional user readable message .

Sample 10808:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 10809:
Reference: invoked when bytes have been read from the cache .
Candidate: invoked when bytes have been read from the cache .

Sample 10810:
Reference: clears the online status of all players used on server startup
Candidate: clear the data used on all of the players used on startup server .

Sample 10811:
Reference: returns a salted pbkdf hash of the password .
Candidate: returns a salted pbkdf hash of the password .

Sample 10812:
Reference: sets the transaction time start .
Candidate: sets the transaction time between this forgotpasswordwsbean .

Sample 10813:
Reference: returns true if this media is a livestream object in the api s catalog
Candidate: checks if the is is empty and

Sample 10814:
Reference: event hook which fires immediately after an existing tunnel is closed .
Candidate: determines whether the <UNK> is already closed by the given reader .

Sample 10815:
Reference: returns true if there is at least one remaining term in the stream .
Candidate: returns true if there is at least one remaining term in the stream .

Sample 10816:
Reference: is a conditional branch a candidate to be flipped ?
Candidate: is a conditional instruction a be to be flipped ?

Sample 10817:
Reference: generates the instruction to do the specified mathematical or logical operation .
Candidate: generates the instruction to do the specified mathematical or logical operation .

Sample 10818:
Reference: returns the type of the missing enum constant .
Candidate: returns the type of the missing enum constant .

Sample 10819:
Reference: true if this iterator has a reversed axis .
Candidate: true if this iterator has a reversed axis .

Sample 10820:
Reference: checks whether the supplied character is a number according to the n triples specification .
Candidate: checks whether the supplied character is a number

Sample 10821:
Reference: notification that the template url model has changed in some way .
Candidate: notification that the template url model has changed in some way .

Sample 10822:
Reference: validates that the value supplied matches one of the expected system values names
Candidate: check that the value is expected and set of the expected values names

Sample 10823:
Reference: returns true if field interpretercontext is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field interpretercontext is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 10824:
Reference: sends an image to this chat
Candidate: sends a image to this chat

Sample 10825:
Reference: returns true iff this metadata contains the given file .
Candidate: determine if a exists in the given key exists .

Sample 10826:
Reference: writes a single string of output .
Candidate: write content of text to be .

Sample 10827:
Reference: interprets stored bytes as utf bytes returning the resulting string
Candidate: convert a string to string to a hex string

Sample 10828:
Reference: creates a new user account to the service .
Candidate: registers a user account to the <UNK> for the usertimeline .

Sample 10829:
Reference: set this to false if you don t need the divider below the header
Candidate: set this to false if you don t need the divider below the header

Sample 10830:
Reference: the source bean calls this method when an event is raised .
Candidate: the source bean calls this method when an event is raised .

Sample 10831:
Reference: posts a command for beginning an edit of the current value via ime on long press .
Candidate: posts a command for beginning an edit of the current value via ime on long press .

Sample 10832:
Reference: friend list id .
Candidate: id of the friend list .

Sample 10833:
Reference: creates a single normalized impulse signal with its peak at t k .
Candidate: creates a single normalized impulse signal with its peak at t k .

Sample 10834:
Reference: generate a new key for the token with the given id .
Candidate: creates a key based on the given token

Sample 10835:
Reference: sets the list of directories where the resources come from .
Candidate: discard the list of resources to be the same value for this cache .

Sample 10836:
Reference: must be called when exiting fully immersive mode .
Candidate: must be called when exiting fully immersive mode .

Sample 10837:
Reference: expects code to throw codedexception with the exact error code .
Candidate: expects code to throw codedexception with the exact error code .

Sample 10838:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 10839:
Reference: will throw illegalargumentexception if provided object is null on runtime
Candidate: will throw illegalargumentexception if provided object is null on runtime

Sample 10840:
Reference: sets new snapshot stage
Candidate: called stage new stage to stage stage changed .

Sample 10841:
Reference: must be called to ensure the internal cache is flushed and the closing chunk is written .
Candidate: must be called to ensure the internal cache is flushed and the closing chunk is written .

Sample 10842:
Reference: executes a command and return the error and output result of the process
Candidate: sub saved as a string and returns saved filesystem .

Sample 10843:
Reference: loads the contents of the provided schema file into the provided schema builder .
Candidate: parses the schema properties in the schema element to the provided schema file . the schema schema .

Sample 10844:
Reference: randomizes all loose weights .
Candidate: replace the weights of this this

Sample 10845:
Reference: get drop shipment .
Candidate: get drop shipment .

Sample 10846:
Reference: returns true if the predicate evaluates to false for every element of the iterable or if the iterable is empty .
Candidate: indicates if the element is present in the predicate and satisfy the predicate .

Sample 10847:
Reference: data transfer has been aborted
Candidate: data transfer has been aborted

Sample 10848:
Reference: set the state to inactive and clear state variables
Candidate: resets the state fields state to the initial state if it is ready to go .

Sample 10849:
Reference: makes a request to one or more of the given urls using the configured load balancer .
Candidate: makes a request to one or more of the given urls .

Sample 10850:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 10851:
Reference: constructs a graceperiod of the given type from the provided one time billingevent .
Candidate: creates a period for a billing endpoint of the provided billing event .

Sample 10852:
Reference: adds the steps necessary for changing the virtual pool of one or more volumes of a given technology block rp vplex etc .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> to the <UNK> list of volumes that can be identified by a volume volumes .

Sample 10853:
Reference: returns a flag that indicates whether a connection to the database is currently open .
Candidate: indicates whether this client is connected to the distributed system .

Sample 10854:
Reference: get the position on line x y x y based on ratio
Candidate: computes the point tangent on two points .

Sample 10855:
Reference: gets the value of the directoryhierarchysupported property .
Candidate: returns whether the policy is currently <UNK> hierarchy to use .

Sample 10856:
Reference: sent after the indices in the index index interval have been inserted in the data model .
Candidate: sent after the indices in the index index interval have been inserted in the data model .

Sample 10857:
Reference: get overwrite sales region .
Candidate: get overwrite sales region .

Sample 10858:
Reference: checks if the local broker is the owner of the namespace bundle
Candidate: determines if the current is already granted to be the owner of the <UNK> .

Sample 10859:
Reference: puts the replicator into the online state which turns on replication .
Candidate: puts an online information into a <UNK> status using parameters .

Sample 10860:
Reference: statemachine change for unblock trigger .
Candidate: statemachine change for time picker .

Sample 10861:
Reference: determines whether the given class can be classified as a documentactivity this includes both regular document activity and incognito document activity .
Candidate: determines whether the given class can be classified as a documentactivity this includes both regular activity activity and incognito document activity .

Sample 10862:
Reference: logger like api to be used by rmi implementation
Candidate: gets whether the specified level is loggable .

Sample 10863:
Reference: flush the buffer and add it to the shared queue this will make any entries in the buffer visible to any consumer associated with the shared queue .
Candidate: flush the local buffers back to the next local and enqueue any local entries if any .

Sample 10864:
Reference: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .
Candidate: perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request .

Sample 10865:
Reference: return the alertlevel represented by specified ordinal
Candidate: return the scope represented by specified ordinal

Sample 10866:
Reference: adds a listener for events that are run when keys are added on the user thread .
Candidate: adds a listener for events that are run when keys are added .

Sample 10867:
Reference: get a set of deleted artifact ids
Candidate: get a stream of column names and return the <UNK> of names .

Sample 10868:
Reference: interrupts the thread that is running background .
Candidate: interrupts the thread i .

Sample 10869:
Reference: returns the reverse of the digraph .
Candidate: returns the reverse graph from the graph graph and the it .

Sample 10870:
Reference: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .
Candidate: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .

Sample 10871:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 10872:
Reference: creates an ack request for an invite that was responded with xx response .
Candidate: creates the new ack request

Sample 10873:
Reference: creates the columns in the given table viewer .
Candidate: creates the columns in the given table .

Sample 10874:
Reference: insert element e into the binary search tree .
Candidate: insert element e into the binary search tree .

Sample 10875:
Reference: create a number iterator with value from and to
Candidate: create a number iterator with with the value and with the maximum value number .

Sample 10876:
Reference: reverse the specified range of the specified array .
Candidate: reverse the specified range of the specified array .

Sample 10877:
Reference: adds the node given as a weakref to the map .
Candidate: adds the <UNK> node to the map .

Sample 10878:
Reference: reads a number .
Candidate: return the number of <UNK> from a range .

Sample 10879:
Reference: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .
Candidate: tears down the fixture for example close a network connection .

Sample 10880:
Reference: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration
Candidate: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration

Sample 10881:
Reference: returns a random number from the distribution .
Candidate: returns a random number from the distribution .

Sample 10882:
Reference: delete any instance of tag fields with this key
Candidate: delete any field with this encoder .

Sample 10883:
Reference: convert byte to hex string
Candidate: convert byte to hex string

Sample 10884:
Reference: unified paged request creation method that all sub classes should use so overriding classes can extend and configure the default request .
Candidate: unified paged request creation that all sub use all use for all classes .

Sample 10885:
Reference: sign the passed in message usually the output of a hash function .
Candidate: sign the passed in message usually the output of a hash function .

Sample 10886:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 10887:
Reference: prefix the given value with zero if the value s length is less than given paddingsize
Candidate: helper function to convert the highest value for the given key size .

Sample 10888:
Reference: remove a property change listener
Candidate: remove a property change listener

Sample 10889:
Reference: helper function that exists primarily to fool poedit to stop localizing column names .
Candidate: reads a string out of the named class object set .

Sample 10890:
Reference: returns true if the record is empty .
Candidate: gets the current data set ?

Sample 10891:
Reference: called to refresh an action mode s action menu whenever it is invalidated .
Candidate: called to refresh an action mode s action menu whenever it is invalidated .

Sample 10892:
Reference: closes this handler .
Candidate: close the network publisher .

Sample 10893:
Reference: add or overwrite a property to the current properties
Candidate: add an event to the property . properties

Sample 10894:
Reference: locations of the splits
Candidate: returns the number of occurances of the entity

Sample 10895:
Reference: verifies the configured import bucket and file names .
Candidate: verifies the configured import bucket and file .

Sample 10896:
Reference: add a file descriptor
Candidate: add a file to the named file

Sample 10897:
Reference: tests whether numbers are the same up to the specified decimals .
Candidate: tests whether numbers are the same up to the specified decimals .

Sample 10898:
Reference: retrieve whether this database supports named parameters .
Candidate: procedure returns whether this statements with named parameters is supported .

Sample 10899:
Reference: send a log message if logging is enabled .
Candidate: send a log message if logging is enabled .

Sample 10900:
Reference: modifies profile of entity .
Candidate: modifies the one that values that are an mappings with this server and stores the changes to a server .

Sample 10901:
Reference: has the user set the hardware back button to go back
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is should be <UNK> back for the navigation button .

Sample 10902:
Reference: returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
Candidate: returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .

Sample 10903:
Reference: add open bracket to delimiter stack and add a text node to block s children .
Candidate: parses the opening bracket int to the end of the <UNK> .

Sample 10904:
Reference: vnc server port default
Candidate: returns the new property which is the data type to an integer .

Sample 10905:
Reference: returns the workspace s project with the given location if it exists .
Candidate: find the project owner of the file location .

Sample 10906:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 10907:
Reference: relay an expression change event .
Candidate: relay an expression change event .

Sample 10908:
Reference: returns whether this node is the root of a conceptual hidden tree that selectors will not work across .
Candidate: returns whether this node is the root of a conceptual hidden tree that selectors will not work across .

Sample 10909:
Reference: removes the given perspective .
Candidate: removes the given perspective .

Sample 10910:
Reference: the graphical representation of the legend shape .
Candidate: the graphical representation of the legend shape .

Sample 10911:
Reference: creates all axes that are defined by the current plot type .
Candidate: creates the default blank page for the default options .

Sample 10912:
Reference: adds a regular user to the tenant s system domain
Candidate: adds a regular user to the tenant s system domain

Sample 10913:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 10914:
Reference: checks whether the duration field specified is supported by this period .
Candidate: checks whether the field type is is supported by the period of a period field .

Sample 10915:
Reference: act on each value .
Candidate: act on each value .

Sample 10916:
Reference: expert increments the core reference count
Candidate: expert increments the core reference count

Sample 10917:
Reference: number of results to return .
Candidate: number of results to return a collection .

Sample 10918:
Reference: creates a bitmap font altas with an initial string and the fnt file
Candidate: creates a new image with the specified font name and height .

Sample 10919:
Reference: checks if the object is mutable
Candidate: checks if the object is mutable

Sample 10920:
Reference: subscribe for topology changes .
Candidate: specify a session that will be consistently the latest version of the topology .

Sample 10921:
Reference: returns the mean rate at which events have occurred since the meter was created .
Candidate: calculate the rate rate using this <UNK> method .

Sample 10922:
Reference: this method can be used to send an http request to the burp scanner tool to perform a passive vulnerability scan .
Candidate: this method can be used to send an http request to the burp scanner tool to perform a passive vulnerability scan .

Sample 10923:
Reference: fire when an annotation has been moved .
Candidate: fire the annotation subject to fire annotations .

Sample 10924:
Reference: checks whether this file is a read only or not .
Candidate: returns whether or not the text area should be treated as read only .

Sample 10925:
Reference: called when the search overlay is shown .
Candidate: called when the search overlay is shown .

Sample 10926:
Reference: create a note diagnostic that will not be hidden by the nowarn or xlint none options .
Candidate: create a note diagnostic that will not be hidden by the nowarn or xlint none options .

Sample 10927:
Reference: removes a node from this configuration
Candidate: remove a node from the graph .

Sample 10928:
Reference: whether or not calcite rel tree needs rewrite to do last around of aggregation
Candidate: returns true if the is possible to use for the <UNK> .

Sample 10929:
Reference: get a cursor to iterate over a number of keys and values .
Candidate: get a cursor starting cursor cursor at the specified size .

Sample 10930:
Reference: paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
Candidate: does no drawing by default .

Sample 10931:
Reference: use the given user in the resulting configuration .
Candidate: not user to handle the user with it return and return it if it was handle with the user return

Sample 10932:
Reference: does this class declare a method with the given subsignature ?
Candidate: does this class declare a method with the given subsignature ?

Sample 10933:
Reference: return the space length number of parents
Candidate: gets the number of of the <UNK> .

Sample 10934:
Reference: call this when the user presses the up button
Candidate: call this when the user presses the up button

Sample 10935:
Reference: checks whether the unit is able to execute a siege command .
Candidate: checks whether the unit is able to execute a <UNK> command .

Sample 10936:
Reference: drive the current state of the display from the state of the memory .
Candidate: drive the current state of the display from the state of the window .

Sample 10937:
Reference: convert to float if numeric or if not .
Candidate: convert the value to a float value discarding excess fractional float if not .

Sample 10938:
Reference: stream all annotations which have a referent .
Candidate: convert a stream of <UNK> to distinguish from a particular source file .

Sample 10939:
Reference: this method will be called on space initialization .
Candidate: this method will be called on space initialization .

Sample 10940:
Reference: determines whether there are any active downloads running .
Candidate: checks if there are any <UNK> channels for the <UNK> panel .

Sample 10941:
Reference: perform actions when target path changed .
Candidate: perform actions when target path changed .

Sample 10942:
Reference: look up into the index potentially using some of the properties in the lookup event returning a partial or full result in respect to the index .
Candidate: single event event using a given event type .

Sample 10943:
Reference: returns restore operation cause
Candidate: the cause for snapshot operation

Sample 10944:
Reference: deletes a record from an rrset
Candidate: deletes a single word from the records list

Sample 10945:
Reference: paints the border of the track of a scrollbar .
Candidate: paints the border of the track of a scrollbar .

Sample 10946:
Reference: allows the scim server s rest implementation to update and existing resource via a put to a valid end point .
Candidate: this method updates the resource that is it is used for patch calls .

Sample 10947:
Reference: returns the coordinates of the sector as an array of values in radians in the order minlat maxlat minlon maxlon .
Candidate: returns the coordinates of the sector as an array of values in radians in the order minlat maxlat minlon maxlon .

Sample 10948:
Reference: returns a builder that creates immutable sorted sets whose elements are ordered by the reverse of their natural ordering .
Candidate: returns a builder that creates immutable sorted sets whose elements are ordered by the reverse of their natural ordering .

Sample 10949:
Reference: plays the next song in the queue
Candidate: plays the next commit of an item .

Sample 10950:
Reference: parse json data from a json uri
Candidate: validates an empty instance of the given uri .

Sample 10951:
Reference: format an int array to the java source code that represents this object .
Candidate: format an int array to the java source code that represents this object .

Sample 10952:
Reference: reacts to a control type change
Candidate: called when the user type is changed and

Sample 10953:
Reference: verify that the hostname from the url is an acceptable match with the value from the common name entry in the server certificate s distinguished name .
Candidate: verify that the cookie should be valid to the the base dn and matches .

Sample 10954:
Reference: wrap a real instance into an aliased instance
Candidate: pass a bean into a instance .

Sample 10955:
Reference: check that this object is ready to operate .
Candidate: check that this object is ready to operate .

Sample 10956:
Reference: remove an existing fragment .
Candidate: remove an existing fragment .

Sample 10957:
Reference: adds a changelistener to the slider .
Candidate: adds a listener to the model .

Sample 10958:
Reference: returns a map with at least elements where each element is absent from javamap .
Candidate: generate an integer map of the map to make it from the share .

Sample 10959:
Reference: deletes the passed user .
Candidate: delete a user and connect the user account with the given id .

Sample 10960:
Reference: obtiene el numero de unidades administrativas hijas de una unidad administrativa dada
Candidate: metodo que obtiene el numero de unidades administrativas segun el unidad administrativa dada

Sample 10961:
Reference: draws the sample cloud .
Candidate: draw a particle array

Sample 10962:
Reference: on drop down loading you can call it by manual but you should manual call onbottomcomplete at the same time .
Candidate: on drop down loading you can call it by manual but you should manual call onbottomcomplete at the same time .

Sample 10963:
Reference: starts a new read write transaction and deletes the key .
Candidate: deletes a key read from transaction and puts the key data pair .

Sample 10964:
Reference: applies a stage chart to the chart in the mitemview view
Candidate: applies a due chart to the chart in the mitemview view

Sample 10965:
Reference: replace the certificate to be serialized .
Candidate: replace the certificate to be serialized .

Sample 10966:
Reference: callback from task executor called when process is ready to received shuffle messages .
Candidate: called initialization for the external file for deletion .

Sample 10967:
Reference: reallocates the stack to the given size
Candidate: writes a specified size of a child to to the size size .

Sample 10968:
Reference: do a sensor change on the event queue
Candidate: called for a local storage in the specified memory assigned into the local map .

Sample 10969:
Reference: check if there exist any parameter with given name
Candidate: determines whether the provided key has a parameter value .

Sample 10970:
Reference: returns whether it has the yomi name of organization .
Candidate: returns whether it has the pronunciation help .

Sample 10971:
Reference: creates a submit command associated with this form
Candidate: creates a process command command with this forgotpasswordwsbean .

Sample 10972:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: main for test this class .

Sample 10973:
Reference: allows to wait for all non master nodes to reply to the publish event up to a timeout
Candidate: polls to the split the circuit returning all of the associated channels and

Sample 10974:
Reference: does this mech have industrial tsm
Candidate: does this mech have an advanced amount of the <UNK>

Sample 10975:
Reference: constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property and set of int values .
Candidate: constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property and set of int values .

Sample 10976:
Reference: convenience method to increment this trigger as a runnable
Candidate: convenience method to increment this trigger as a runnable

Sample 10977:
Reference: remove all exceptions from the buffer .
Candidate: clear the usage stack of this message so it to be called from the <UNK> .

Sample 10978:
Reference: handles set hidden message sent by sethidden
Candidate: called when the <UNK> of the container is hidden and not hidden .

Sample 10979:
Reference: returns the low surrogate of a supplemental character
Candidate: returns the low surrogate of a supplemental character

Sample 10980:
Reference: create a new instance of fragment
Candidate: creates a new instance of this friends of the provided figure .

Sample 10981:
Reference: creates blocking ha region queue object
Candidate: creates a blockingharegionqueue object .

Sample 10982:
Reference: gets object field offset .
Candidate: <UNK> this object to define its value as a field that is accessed as <UNK> .

Sample 10983:
Reference: run the animation on the given widget
Candidate: this the animation on the given widget

Sample 10984:
Reference: get gl budget dimension .
Candidate: get gl budget dimension .

Sample 10985:
Reference: adds an impression to the current ad we will deactivate the ad as soon as one of the max criterias are fullfiled
Candidate: add <UNK> to to the <UNK> list .

Sample 10986:
Reference: splits all items into two lists based on the closure condition .
Candidate: split to the split operator for a closure condition .

Sample 10987:
Reference: remove the viewinterceptor that corresponds to the given view name .
Candidate: remove the given firmware from the list view .

Sample 10988:
Reference: return true if the monitor associated with the passed in key exists
Candidate: does this in the passed in in the passed in key

Sample 10989:
Reference: how many amperes this block can suck at max .
Candidate: returns the maximum number in milliseconds for this node .

Sample 10990:
Reference: generates the instructions to load all the method arguments on the stack as a single object array .
Candidate: generates the instructions to load all the method arguments on the stack as a single object array .

Sample 10991:
Reference: tells if any of the specified settings is affected by the setting change event .
Candidate: tells if a setting setting is <UNK> is to this event .

Sample 10992:
Reference: creates a graphobject proxy that initially contains no data .
Candidate: creates a graphobject proxy that initially contains no data .

Sample 10993:
Reference: peek into sequence signals .
Candidate: delegate the specified consumer to consume it into a new callback .

Sample 10994:
Reference: don t continue the search if requested data is received .
Candidate: to be called to cancel the search button .

Sample 10995:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 10996:
Reference: tells whether or not the outgoing connections should use the proxy set .
Candidate: returns true if proxy proxy are enabled for the proxy .

Sample 10997:
Reference: returns whether or not the meta modifier is down on this event .
Candidate: returns whether the meta key is down according to the meta property .

Sample 10998:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 10999:
Reference: cancel all tasks about adding devices
Candidate: cancel all marker that are sent to the join .

Sample 11000:
Reference: return whether this list contains the given ciphersuite .
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> contains the given collection in .

Sample 11001:
Reference: blocks until the upstream completes and return the last emitted value .
Candidate: blocks until the last emitted by value to the last emitted value .

Sample 11002:
Reference: modifies the name of the given file if necessary to ensure that it has the given suffix .
Candidate: ensures that the given file ends with a suffix if it does not exist .

Sample 11003:
Reference: send a reply for remove indexes message .
Candidate: send a reply for index references to the distributed system .

Sample 11004:
Reference: adds the length defined by an array of coordinates .
Candidate: adds a point to the current centroid accumulator .

Sample 11005:
Reference: the entry point of the test .
Candidate: the entry point of the test .

Sample 11006:
Reference: compress the data in the input buffer and write it to the underlying stream .
Candidate: compress the data in the input buffer and write it to the underlying stream .

Sample 11007:
Reference: creates a function which is secured by a circuitbreaker .
Candidate: convert a function that is secured by a circuitbreaker .

Sample 11008:
Reference: method to make patch request
Candidate: method to make patch request

Sample 11009:
Reference: create ledger allocator pool .
Candidate: create ledger allocator pool .

Sample 11010:
Reference: determines whether the value of a given integer tree node needs relocation .
Candidate: determines whether the value of a given node needs to be filtered .

Sample 11011:
Reference: invoked after this control is moved to a new quadrant .
Candidate: invoked after this control is moved to a new quadrant .

Sample 11012:
Reference: removes the cobrand notification as wel as the body if it they are visible
Candidate: remove the <UNK> object as a <UNK> in the list .

Sample 11013:
Reference: creates a new contextset from an existing set .
Candidate: creates a new contextset from an existing set .

Sample 11014:
Reference: convert to an xor where the secondary value will be used if no primary value is present
Candidate: changes primary primary <UNK> based on the primary identifier

Sample 11015:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 11016:
Reference: checks if the given word starts with a morpheme
Candidate: find the first of a if in this split .

Sample 11017:
Reference: returns the candidate s address .
Candidate: returns the candidate s address .

Sample 11018:
Reference: writes a string and a cause into the warning category of the log
Candidate: writes a string and a cause into the warning category of the log

Sample 11019:
Reference: format the file path for zip
Candidate: generates a url directory with the same file name of the zip file .

Sample 11020:
Reference: you received a delayed chain effect from skillname used by skillcaster .
Candidate: you exchanged num damage skill by using skillname .

Sample 11021:
Reference: updates an existing user namespace authorization by key .
Candidate: updates the user namespace namespace authorization for an entity namespace .

Sample 11022:
Reference: adds a content items .
Candidate: adds a content items .

Sample 11023:
Reference: adds the provided pattern syntax definition to this schema builder .
Candidate: adds this provided sub type provided with this rules .

Sample 11024:
Reference: change the margin of the pane containing the lower row of buttons depending on whether there are any buttons added to it .
Candidate: updates the ui to keep the buttons from the layout editor

Sample 11025:
Reference: prepare meta product data stream for shopping cart .
Candidate: creates and returns the product in the <UNK> .

Sample 11026:
Reference: you restored num of skilltarget s hp by using skillname .
Candidate: you restored skilltarget s hp range by using skillname .

Sample 11027:
Reference: returns the number of actions in the composite .
Candidate: returns the number of actions in the composite .

Sample 11028:
Reference: generate derived parameters for a key of length keysize and an initialisation vector iv of length ivsize .
Candidate: generate derived parameters for a key of length keysize and an initialisation vector iv of length ivsize .

Sample 11029:
Reference: check if the wheel is currently spinning
Candidate: check if the wheel is currently spinning

Sample 11030:
Reference: initialize jni field and method ids
Candidate: initialize jni field and method ids

Sample 11031:
Reference: get an array of valid baud rates as integers .
Candidate: get an array of valid baud rates as integers .

Sample 11032:
Reference: use the given milli seconds as minimum delay between two consecutive scheduling iterations .
Candidate: set the loop interval for the usertimeline .

Sample 11033:
Reference: initializes this imessagereader with a memoryallocator .
Candidate: initializes this imessagereader with a memoryallocator .

Sample 11034:
Reference: logs a type error .
Candidate: handles the error exception for the <UNK> method .

Sample 11035:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented xid type for the <UNK> type .

Sample 11036:
Reference: returns true if this is a ui resource
Candidate: returns true if this is a <UNK> id is a <UNK> i

Sample 11037:
Reference: this method will not propagate any exceptions to the caller
Candidate: check if we have a valid billing conditions to it .

Sample 11038:
Reference: time in milliseconds to wait between retries when attempting to reconnect to a dead host .
Candidate: set the interval to which the <UNK> is to use .

Sample 11039:
Reference: writes a json end object character .
Candidate: writes the end of the end of this <UNK> object .

Sample 11040:
Reference: converts the content of a matrix into a dimensional array of objects .
Candidate: array array of an array array but is not an array array .

Sample 11041:
Reference: resets the message bytes to an uninitialized state .
Candidate: closes the message buff to an state .

Sample 11042:
Reference: creates a simplecontroller and starts it playing .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> and starts it playing .

Sample 11043:
Reference: invoked when bytes have been read from the cache .
Candidate: invoked when bytes have been read from the cache .

Sample 11044:
Reference: starts all health checks .
Candidate: start all progress checks if it is already active .

Sample 11045:
Reference: returns a sorted map of the properties of this unpacker .
Candidate: returns a sorted map of the properties of this unpacker .

Sample 11046:
Reference: replace item on given slot only if it matches given item .
Candidate: replace an item into the inventory slot if it matches a excepted one of more item .

Sample 11047:
Reference: throws an exception if the current token is not an integer .
Candidate: returns the double value of the current token constant .

Sample 11048:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters to the calling method .

Sample 11049:
Reference: apply the operation to two operands and return the result .
Candidate: apply the operation to two operands and return the result .

Sample 11050:
Reference: just make easier to understand
Candidate: just make easier to understand

Sample 11051:
Reference: wraps response into an instance of a filter for finer control on response data .
Candidate: push contents of the of the media bar

Sample 11052:
Reference: the first element in this buffer .
Candidate: returns the first element of the stack .

Sample 11053:
Reference: returns the number of properties discovered in the object .
Candidate: returns the number of properties properties discovered .

Sample 11054:
Reference: gets the global alert level in the system .
Candidate: returns the alert of the objects currently in the queue .

Sample 11055:
Reference: removes a specific semantic head of the node .
Candidate: removes all semantic heads of the node in relation to a given row .

Sample 11056:
Reference: called by the sketch surface view thought it could conceivably be called by android as well .
Candidate: set the focus if the relevant focus is changed .

Sample 11057:
Reference: icon item color in the list icon use before the setnavigationadapter
Candidate: icon item color in the list icon use before the setnavigationadapter

Sample 11058:
Reference: the dopost method of the servlet .
Candidate: the dopost method of the servlet .

Sample 11059:
Reference: notifies observers about data changing
Candidate: notifies observers about data changing

Sample 11060:
Reference: export castle as sp profile in castle externalidp federation together with optional castle s external idp data
Candidate: exports a external idp to to be included in the specified tenant .

Sample 11061:
Reference: use reserved order to remove is more quickly .
Candidate: removes the default status bar for the the method of the view .

Sample 11062:
Reference: get the src code which maps to the given glyphid
Candidate: returns the src code which maps to the given glyphid

Sample 11063:
Reference: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .
Candidate: reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles .

Sample 11064:
Reference: wrapper around thread . sleep without that annoying interruptedexception .
Candidate: helper method to be the milliseconds sleep for the specified number of milliseconds

Sample 11065:
Reference: receive notification of character data inside an element
Candidate: description of a character data .

Sample 11066:
Reference: loops over all valid connections and only returns null of there are no valid connections import for shutdown which invalidates connections .
Candidate: get a next connection client connection to the server .

Sample 11067:
Reference: create an instance of signoutelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 11068:
Reference: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 11069:
Reference: returns json string for this ssf value .
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 11070:
Reference: add an issue during transformation .
Candidate: add an issue during transformation .

Sample 11071:
Reference: assert that the connector is not currently running .
Candidate: assert that the container is is running and a <UNK> constant .

Sample 11072:
Reference: callback for when styles in the current document change .
Candidate: gives notification that an attribute change set of attributes changed .

Sample 11073:
Reference: convert star tsv text file to binary dat file
Candidate: convert star tsv text file to binary dat file

Sample 11074:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 11075:
Reference: returns whether it has the sidewiki author id .
Candidate: returns whether it has the resource id .

Sample 11076:
Reference: appends a character literal to the formatter .
Candidate: appends a character literal to the formatter .

Sample 11077:
Reference: recursively copy files from source into this archive .
Candidate: copies all the resource files to this directory .

Sample 11078:
Reference: called on construction time .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> which will be used to read the chunk of the . .

Sample 11079:
Reference: reloads the workspace items from the db and re binds the workspace .
Candidate: reloads the workspace items from the db and re binds the workspace .

Sample 11080:
Reference: return the text drawn on the screen as a string
Candidate: the visual text field of the visual form

Sample 11081:
Reference: creates and returns a new doc comment node .
Candidate: creates a new documentation for the current java source code .

Sample 11082:
Reference: called when a share target has been selected .
Candidate: checks if the <UNK> should be needed to <UNK> for the other .

Sample 11083:
Reference: closes the current input stream and opens the next one if any .
Candidate: closes the current input stream and opens the next one if any .

Sample 11084:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 11085:
Reference: pop the current namespace context for the xpath .
Candidate: pop the current namespace context for the xpath .

Sample 11086:
Reference: override to tear down your specific external resource .
Candidate: called after a test is executed .

Sample 11087:
Reference: checks whether the service needs to send a soap fault .
Candidate: check to see if soap fault needs to be issue while processing the request .

Sample 11088:
Reference: clears any instances from the history queue .
Candidate: resets the history state to the <UNK> panel .

Sample 11089:
Reference: stops playing this audio clip .
Candidate: stops the deduplicator .

Sample 11090:
Reference: calculates the revenue shares period end base on invocation time and time offset .
Candidate: calculates the the core values in the given range of time material .

Sample 11091:
Reference: elimina los productores vigentes que han sido definidos para una serie
Candidate: deletes the <UNK> conversion for the specified id

Sample 11092:
Reference: get the java . util . iterator used to retrieve all of the jmenuitems held inside the menuitems object .
Candidate: returns an iterator over the elements in this set .

Sample 11093:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports keeping cursors open across commits .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports keeping cursors open across commits .

Sample 11094:
Reference: does a failsafe get with an optional executor .
Candidate: does a failsafe get with an optional executor .

Sample 11095:
Reference: returns the number of components in this vector .
Candidate: returns the number of components in this vector .

Sample 11096:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 11097:
Reference: does repeated requests for each of the hosts with the connection being closed in between .
Candidate: does request to switch the mock server .

Sample 11098:
Reference: returns the size of the current snapshot file in bytes
Candidate: returns the size of the snapshot file in bytes

Sample 11099:
Reference: checks if is default model .
Candidate: checks if is default model .

Sample 11100:
Reference: serialized json array of objects that describe changes in clients .
Candidate: the format of the users or community of .

Sample 11101:
Reference: a transaction is aborted iff it has successfully aborted .
Candidate: tests if the request execution has been aborted .

Sample 11102:
Reference: subscribes to an observable and provides callbacks to handle the items it emits and any error or completion notification it issues .
Candidate: subscribes to an observable and provides callbacks to handle the state the observable .

Sample 11103:
Reference: requests a next update to refresh the transforms and changing properties .
Candidate: requests a next update to refresh the transforms and changing properties .

Sample 11104:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a new unparented model model which is used to preserve the entity mapping of this entity .

Sample 11105:
Reference: get the content type header from the response
Candidate: get the content type header from the response

Sample 11106:
Reference: creates a new matrix in which all values are equal .
Candidate: creates a new vector matrix of all elements .

Sample 11107:
Reference: pushes in the stack the value that should be redirected for the given local .
Candidate: applies the local local variable to the local stack and the context variables .

Sample 11108:
Reference: format a date using a really short format .
Candidate: format a date using a really short format .

Sample 11109:
Reference: ensures that an object reference is not null .
Candidate: ensures that an object reference is not null .

Sample 11110:
Reference: clicks on one of the action bar s buttons .
Candidate: waits on event of the action bar and buttons s action bar

Sample 11111:
Reference: logging can require allocation of objects so we wrap the logger so that failures are silently ignored .
Candidate: if you require allocation of objects so that wrap the logger of objects that wrap the logger of objects .

Sample 11112:
Reference: removes and returns the next event from queue
Candidate: a <UNK> <UNK>

Sample 11113:
Reference: returns the local address of the connection
Candidate: returns local address server ip

Sample 11114:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11115:
Reference: fills a range in the list with the specified value .
Candidate: fills a range in the list with the specified value .

Sample 11116:
Reference: adds new tag .
Candidate: add a tag tags to the field .

Sample 11117:
Reference: validates and repaints the frame
Candidate: validates and repaints the frame

Sample 11118:
Reference: parses a binary property list from an input stream .
Candidate: parses a binary property list from an input stream .

Sample 11119:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 11120:
Reference: checks if the switch port is in the broadcast tree .
Candidate: checks if the switch switch is in the broadcast tree .

Sample 11121:
Reference: adds the operator to this execution unit .
Candidate: adds the operator to this execution unit .

Sample 11122:
Reference: print a usage message .
Candidate: print usage information on an application .

Sample 11123:
Reference: disallow teleporting to and from a specified area .
Candidate: sends the <UNK> location to a new layout using the specified height .

Sample 11124:
Reference: returns the lowest layer value from all current children .
Candidate: returns the lowest layer value from all current children .

Sample 11125:
Reference: skip packets not read that are not needed .
Candidate: skips all the results in the <UNK> and return the result .

Sample 11126:
Reference: end timing an action .
Candidate: indicate that the number of timing gesture has to be sent out .

Sample 11127:
Reference: override this method to be notified when request has been received .
Candidate: notified when receiving receiving stack is receiving a request .

Sample 11128:
Reference: prints the given message with the specified level
Candidate: prints the given message with the specified level

Sample 11129:
Reference: show empty view when there are not data to show
Candidate: show empty view when there are not data to show

Sample 11130:
Reference: executor used for background tasks such as image transcoding resizing rotating and post processing .
Candidate: specifies the tasks to be run for this method .

Sample 11131:
Reference: builds a key to index files
Candidate: builds a key to index files

Sample 11132:
Reference: create a new utf reader from the inputstream .
Candidate: creates a utf utf encoding from the inputstream .

Sample 11133:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11134:
Reference: extended to register ourselves as a listener to the new leaf .
Candidate: moves to given iterator to the given state as a new leaf .

Sample 11135:
Reference: store a new bug collection for a project .
Candidate: if the save the collection collection for project to be renamed .

Sample 11136:
Reference: stopobservingfont must be called when fontsizepreview s parent fragment is destroyed .
Candidate: stopobservingfont must be called when fontsizepreview s parent fragment is destroyed .

Sample 11137:
Reference: creates a nmea file reader .
Candidate: creates a file reader for the specified file .

Sample 11138:
Reference: clears the rendering queue and resizes internal arrays to a small size .
Candidate: clears the rendering queue and rendering blocks .

Sample 11139:
Reference: whether the runtimemodeldata should be stored at source level and null if it s undefined
Candidate: gets the value of the <UNK> property to be preserved .

Sample 11140:
Reference: validates the specified object and reports any error to the context .
Candidate: validates the specified object and reports any error to the context .

Sample 11141:
Reference: returns the proxy object to query for properties instead of me .
Candidate: returns the listener that will be called by the <UNK> .

Sample 11142:
Reference: called if an invalid graph path is provided which may result in a malformed url .
Candidate: called if an invalid graph path is provided which may result in a malformed url .

Sample 11143:
Reference: post the comment as from the community
Candidate: true if post comment to avoid the comment as community false by the user default

Sample 11144:
Reference: trims the string removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string .
Candidate: trims the string removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string .

Sample 11145:
Reference: returns the number of elements in this set its cardinality .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in this set its cardinality .

Sample 11146:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 11147:
Reference: invokes methods to retrieve members of a modify operation after it has completed unsuccessfully .
Candidate: shortcut to consume the <UNK> operation and add it to a chance to update the completion of this operation .

Sample 11148:
Reference: call to complete the aggregation process .
Candidate: do operation handlers were used to generate a <UNK> statement .

Sample 11149:
Reference: receive notification of the end of the value of previous object entry .
Candidate: receive notification of the end of the value of previous object entry .

Sample 11150:
Reference: called before the actual search starts .
Candidate: called to indicate that the user is to start providing a .

Sample 11151:
Reference: calculates the index of the next free register stores it and sets the current variable index to the old value
Candidate: makes the next variable id from a secondary type and maybe duplicates of type .

Sample 11152:
Reference: this method is used to customize ui components in line with burp s ui style including font size colors table line spacing etc .
Candidate: called when the component component wants to add a component the ui .

Sample 11153:
Reference: checks for string attributes in the dataset
Candidate: checks for string attributes in the dataset

Sample 11154:
Reference: adds an object to the list of parameters .
Candidate: adds an object to the list of parameters .

Sample 11155:
Reference: performs some processing on the given item .
Candidate: performs some processing on the given item .

Sample 11156:
Reference: c setattributevalue modifies the value of one or more object attributes object management
Candidate: c <UNK> part of an attribute generated while closing a new .

Sample 11157:
Reference: indicates the number of tokens that the accessor can read .
Candidate: returns the size of the parameter in the post context .

Sample 11158:
Reference: wait until data is ready in this region
Candidate: always wait for the latch data .

Sample 11159:
Reference: reads an octet that is a byte value from this input stream .
Candidate: reads an idl octet value from the input stream .

Sample 11160:
Reference: prevents serialization because deserializaion is impossible .
Candidate: currently uses java serialization via externalizable to not intended to be serializable .

Sample 11161:
Reference: write the content disposition header to the specified output stream
Candidate: write the content disposition header to the specified output stream

Sample 11162:
Reference: creates a new message instance object .
Candidate: creates a new message instance object .

Sample 11163:
Reference: returns whether the given attribute node is an id attribute .
Candidate: checks if the part of this id is part of the indexed .

Sample 11164:
Reference: generate a random string of letters and digits of the given length
Candidate: returns a random string containing

Sample 11165:
Reference: returns true if a given type is a valid tag type .
Candidate: returns true if a given type is a valid tag type .

Sample 11166:
Reference: keep encoded values . . . matrix parameters template parameters and characters intact .
Candidate: encodes a path of the the base dn of the . . .

Sample 11167:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11168:
Reference: set a listener to be called back when the permission used to protected this action is denied or granted .
Candidate: set the listener to be invoked for all of the listener .

Sample 11169:
Reference: offer a single datapoint to this adapter
Candidate: insert data t in the end of this data store

Sample 11170:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 11171:
Reference: get offsets that the sinktask has submitted to be reset .
Candidate: get offsets that the sinktask has submitted to be reset .

Sample 11172:
Reference: remove the given category opened handler .
Candidate: remove the specified category that triggers when the user is closed .

Sample 11173:
Reference: decode the url safe base encoded string data writing it to the given output stream whitespace characters will be ignored .
Candidate: decode the base encoded string data writing it to the given output stream whitespace characters will be ignored .

Sample 11174:
Reference: sends the authentication path protobuf returned for a client s key lookup .
Candidate: sends a <UNK> <UNK> to the specified root node s presence of an existing dn .

Sample 11175:
Reference: runs this executor with its configured settings .
Candidate: runs this executor with its configured settings .

Sample 11176:
Reference: remove all properties in this namespace
Candidate: removes all properties from all property to a namespace .

Sample 11177:
Reference: maps the touch from . . to the adapter position that should be visible .
Candidate: maps the touch from . . to the adapter position that should be visible .

Sample 11178:
Reference: initialise davinci or retrieve the initialised one
Candidate: reserve the specified version .

Sample 11179:
Reference: retrieves whether this database supports the ansi entry level sql grammar .
Candidate: retrieves whether this database supports the ansi entry level level .

Sample 11180:
Reference: erases the contents of the current hashchain .
Candidate: erases the contents of the current hashchain .

Sample 11181:
Reference: called when an object has been added to the beancontext .
Candidate: called when an object is passed in the beancontext .

Sample 11182:
Reference: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s http message editor for the extension to use in its own ui .
Candidate: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s http message editor for the extension to use in its own ui .

Sample 11183:
Reference: processes the string without outputting the input message .
Candidate: returns the n substring as a known string and return .

Sample 11184:
Reference: registers the specified executor to the given event class
Candidate: registers the specified executor to the given event class

Sample 11185:
Reference: getter for application build version .
Candidate: returns the google version manager to be disabled for the sandbox .

Sample 11186:
Reference: simplifies a common use case of showing an error message with an error icon that fades out after a few seconds
Candidate: show error message on the stack

Sample 11187:
Reference: check is this variable is array .
Candidate: check is this variable is array .

Sample 11188:
Reference: this method makes a clone of this object .
Candidate: this method makes a clone of this object .

Sample 11189:
Reference: create a queue builder .
Candidate: new builder attached instance .

Sample 11190:
Reference: check if the specified url is an absolute url
Candidate: check if the url url is absolute url .

Sample 11191:
Reference: copy characters from the current position onwards to a buffer .
Candidate: copy a copy of characters to the provided character array .

Sample 11192:
Reference: reports the counter content .
Candidate: report the <UNK> to to stderr .

Sample 11193:
Reference: waits until all data about this bug collection has been received from the cloud .
Candidate: waits for the the data source is complete .

Sample 11194:
Reference: return a gifimage object .
Candidate: creates an empty image that applies the image data width and height image images .

Sample 11195:
Reference: returns true if and only if this string contains the specified sequence of char values .
Candidate: returns true if and only if this string contains the specified sequence of char values .

Sample 11196:
Reference: binds a scope to an annotation .
Candidate: binds the scope to a particular scope for this <UNK> .

Sample 11197:
Reference: tests if this thread is alive .
Candidate: tests if this thread is alive .

Sample 11198:
Reference: check whether the supplied preimage does indeed hash to the correct hash .
Candidate: check whether the supplied <UNK> does indeed hash to the correct hash .

Sample 11199:
Reference: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .
Candidate: interpolate the current targeted zoom and get the delta from the current zoom .

Sample 11200:
Reference: save the bot s learning configuration .
Candidate: save the bot s learning configuration .

Sample 11201:
Reference: returns a new emtpy learner into which all of the parameters that control the behavior of the algorithm have been copied .
Candidate: returns whether a emtpy process indicating that all of units in a given tuple .

Sample 11202:
Reference: depending on the state of the multi edge settings option this function either hides or shows multiple edges between a node and its parents children .
Candidate: depending on the state of the multi graph settings option this function either hides or shows multiple edges between the same nodes .

Sample 11203:
Reference: you became petrified after using skillname .
Candidate: you has petrified you by using skillname .

Sample 11204:
Reference: returns the distance from this mutabledouble d to the specified point .
Candidate: returns the distance from this mutableint d to the specified point .

Sample 11205:
Reference: starts tracking the current access token
Candidate: starts tracking the current profile .

Sample 11206:
Reference: adds a listener to the repository .
Candidate: adds a listener for receiving notifications about changes in the list .

Sample 11207:
Reference: return current notch setting of the throttle slider
Candidate: respond to the older power type to the power of .

Sample 11208:
Reference: process a runnable when appropriate
Candidate: process the action to generate a single action and the undo manager .

Sample 11209:
Reference: request that the dump processing be aborted .
Candidate: request that the dump processing be aborted .

Sample 11210:
Reference: returns true if a vary header contains an asterisk .
Candidate: returns true if a vary header contains an asterisk .

Sample 11211:
Reference: returns true if the specified character occurs in one of the character pairs .
Candidate: tell if the given character contains any value .

Sample 11212:
Reference: populates the map with the half closed interval start end where the value is the negation of the key .
Candidate: creates a server up all copying tokens .

Sample 11213:
Reference: create a new virtual datasource by evaluating a mathematical expression specified in reverse polish notation rpn .
Candidate: sets the name of application used by a matching dates .

Sample 11214:
Reference: points dataprovider to the last record
Candidate: invoked end after the last element .

Sample 11215:
Reference: evaluate regressor on linear problem
Candidate: evaluate regressor on linear problem

Sample 11216:
Reference: call the visitors for the function arguments .
Candidate: call the visitors for the function arguments .

Sample 11217:
Reference: read a uuid encoded as two longs from the buffer .
Candidate: read a uuid from the provided id buffer .

Sample 11218:
Reference: skip a set amount of bytes .
Candidate: skips a single input .

Sample 11219:
Reference: this is a utility method that loads the contents of the given input stream into a string .
Candidate: converts the input stream to a string .

Sample 11220:
Reference: handles the event of new key being added to a region .
Candidate: invoked when a region is created .

Sample 11221:
Reference: clones this packet object .
Candidate: clones this packet object .

Sample 11222:
Reference: this callback is called when a new query is enqueued .
Candidate: this a node to be added to the queue .

Sample 11223:
Reference: convert a single prediction into a probability distribution with all zero probabilities except the predicted value which has probability . .
Candidate: convert a single prediction into a probability score for all the probabilities .

Sample 11224:
Reference: removes the given key from a map property .
Candidate: removes a given object with the given key and

Sample 11225:
Reference: check if the user should be allowed access to the application .
Candidate: check if the user should be allowed access to the application .

Sample 11226:
Reference: implements execution conventions for recursivetask .
Candidate: implements execution conventions for recursivetask .

Sample 11227:
Reference: will return zero if empty .
Candidate: will return empty if empty .

Sample 11228:
Reference: creates a new menu item with the specified text and appends it to the end of this menu .
Candidate: creates a new menu item with the specified text and appends it to the end of this menu .

Sample 11229:
Reference: called when a sliding panel becomes completely hidden .
Candidate: called when a sliding panel becomes completely hidden .

Sample 11230:
Reference: clone the role object .
Candidate: clone the role object .

Sample 11231:
Reference: add a signer with extra signed unsigned attributes .
Candidate: add a signer with extra signed unsigned attributes .

Sample 11232:
Reference: moves every element of the list to a random new position in the list .
Candidate: moves every element of the list to a random new position in the list .

Sample 11233:
Reference: create lun group snap in async mode
Candidate: create lun snap in async mode

Sample 11234:
Reference: creates all available achievements
Candidate: creates a collection of achievements

Sample 11235:
Reference: accept the resume request and transfer the file now blocking until finished .
Candidate: accept the file until it exists in the server blocking until finished .

Sample 11236:
Reference: delegates to the corresponding type specific method .
Candidate: add the type specific type to the specific type .

Sample 11237:
Reference: insert data to header
Candidate: insert data to header

Sample 11238:
Reference: returns if the untracked files must be added .
Candidate: returns if this dimension is a known to for all .

Sample 11239:
Reference: obtiene una instancia del mbean .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the same configuration and

Sample 11240:
Reference: return a boolean array with the same bit values a this bitarray .
Candidate: return the content array the one dimensional array of boolean values .

Sample 11241:
Reference: creates a new project specific debug trace .
Candidate: creates a new trace with given id .

Sample 11242:
Reference: check if provided url and current url are the same
Candidate: checks if the url url is empty and not .

Sample 11243:
Reference: executes command and writes to response .
Candidate: subclasses must override to provide an out of the stream .

Sample 11244:
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .

Sample 11245:
Reference: restore the additional stored state
Candidate: restore the additional stored state

Sample 11246:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 11247:
Reference: recursive function for constructing a newick tree representation in the given buffer .
Candidate: return a empty string representation of the tree tree and

Sample 11248:
Reference: checks if a given sign corresponds to this door
Candidate: is if a a single of this is

Sample 11249:
Reference: this method is called when the end of an xml elemnt is encountered .
Candidate: this method is called when the end of an xml <UNK> is encountered .

Sample 11250:
Reference: set the value for this node based upon computation .
Candidate: sets the value for the a .

Sample 11251:
Reference: tells whether or not this asynchronous channel group is shutdown .
Candidate: tells whether or not this asynchronous channel group shutdown .

Sample 11252:
Reference: pops the given number of types from the output frame stack .
Candidate: pops the given number of types from the output frame stack .

Sample 11253:
Reference: sends node info to native platform if necessary .
Candidate: adds a node to the graph .

Sample 11254:
Reference: update and return an existing member .
Candidate: update and return an existing member .

Sample 11255:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 11256:
Reference: called to indicate the start of an annotation .
Candidate: starts the an annotation with the given name .

Sample 11257:
Reference: if a border is a horizontal image border it can be mirrored which is useful for an rtl scenario
Candidate: removes a image border where it is added to the width horizontally

Sample 11258:
Reference: n export retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n export
Candidate: n retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n

Sample 11259:
Reference: check whether specified zk node exists
Candidate: determine if a given path exists .

Sample 11260:
Reference: if the source is currently having difficulty preparing or loading samples then this method throws the underlying error .
Candidate: if the source is currently having difficulty preparing or providing chunks then this method throws the underlying error .

Sample 11261:
Reference: decrypts and replaces the xml element in a given xml dom document .
Candidate: decrypts an xml document array that contains encrypted data .

Sample 11262:
Reference: called when the bookmark has been added .
Candidate: called when the bookmark has been added .

Sample 11263:
Reference: generates the instruction to increment the given local variable .
Candidate: generates the instruction to increment the given local variable .

Sample 11264:
Reference: closes the response returned by the delegate and consumes everything from it so that its close future is completed .
Candidate: close the distributedsystem to stop the and closes the <UNK> dialog .

Sample 11265:
Reference: pushes a source onto the input stack .
Candidate: return the properties from the given stack .

Sample 11266:
Reference: tells whether there actually modifications on the entry .
Candidate: returns whether if the <UNK> has an effect of <UNK> to be merged .

Sample 11267:
Reference: remove a requestfinishedlistener .
Candidate: remove a requestfinishedlistener .

Sample 11268:
Reference: close the udp socket
Candidate: close the udp socket

Sample 11269:
Reference: get price includes tax .
Candidate: get price includes tax .

Sample 11270:
Reference: returns the number of documents in this index .
Candidate: local document from the datastore core .

Sample 11271:
Reference: check if a role has been granted for this right owner .
Candidate: check if a role has been granted for this right owner .

Sample 11272:
Reference: removes the all trailers .
Candidate: remove all previously displayed channels from the cache .

Sample 11273:
Reference: scroll out contentview and finish the activity
Candidate: scroll out contentview and finish the activity

Sample 11274:
Reference: a default version of preparetoproduce which does nothing .
Candidate: this is the <UNK> to produce the state of <UNK> .

Sample 11275:
Reference: checks if there is a not null value for this tag .
Candidate: determines if the provided source tag is available to the current operating value .

Sample 11276:
Reference: supports partial updates updates properties set in the definition for the entity corresponding to guid
Candidate: update entity to an entity

Sample 11277:
Reference: tries to create a media route from the given media source to the media sink .
Candidate: creates a route dynamic route for the framework .

Sample 11278:
Reference: indicates whether this dialog is undecorated .
Candidate: indicates whether this dialog is undecorated .

Sample 11279:
Reference: gets writer which is used for outputting to stdout .
Candidate: returns the default output stream which should be sent to the <UNK> .

Sample 11280:
Reference: update the vdc info
Candidate: updates the vdc s current geo version .

Sample 11281:
Reference: given the initial state return a solution to the final state or null if no such path can be found .
Candidate: search if initial value is within the state .

Sample 11282:
Reference: calculates and returns the minimum size .
Candidate: calculates and returns the minimum size .

Sample 11283:
Reference: gets server address this connection connected to .
Candidate: gets address address address which should connect to the same host address .

Sample 11284:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property

Sample 11285:
Reference: copy data from the backing buffer into the caller s array .
Candidate: copy data from the the to the the .

Sample 11286:
Reference: create a memory database .
Candidate: create a memory database .

Sample 11287:
Reference: elimina las listas descriptoras .
Candidate: elimina las listas <UNK> .

Sample 11288:
Reference: enable this service .
Candidate: enables this call to the server

Sample 11289:
Reference: a convenience method for creating a synchronized collection .
Candidate: a convenience method for creating a synchronized collection .

Sample 11290:
Reference: called when the viewholder is changed .
Candidate: called when the rowviewholder swiped or dragged by the user is changed .

Sample 11291:
Reference: map field name to the new name .
Candidate: map field name to the new name .

Sample 11292:
Reference: create a deadletter queue with ttl for messages
Candidate: creates a <UNK> that wraps a <UNK> queue and returns the <UNK> queue .

Sample 11293:
Reference: creates an encoded image that maps to a local file thus allowing to seamlessly fetch files as needed .
Candidate: creates an encoded image that maps to a local file thus allowing to seamlessly fetch files as needed .

Sample 11294:
Reference: renames the attribute at the given col index
Candidate: renames the attribute at the given col index

Sample 11295:
Reference: modifies existing attribute sets of a registered service item .
Candidate: modifies the marker attribute with the given attribute sets those of the existing attribute

Sample 11296:
Reference: create an instance of authncontextclassrefelement
Candidate: create an instance of authncontextclassrefelement

Sample 11297:
Reference: adds the list of backups to be used for the restore operation
Candidate: adds stdin as a source for the restore operation

Sample 11298:
Reference: reset the view bean .
Candidate: reset the view s default state .

Sample 11299:
Reference: callback given immediately after any thread invokes complexdiskregion . oplogcompactor s stopcompactor method .
Candidate: called after the fm has just been read from the <UNK> .

Sample 11300:
Reference: returns true if element is in the map
Candidate: indicates whether an xml element corresponds to the map

Sample 11301:
Reference: get use postcode lookup .
Candidate: use use postcode lookup use

Sample 11302:
Reference: returns the length of the array .
Candidate: returns the length of the array .

Sample 11303:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 11304:
Reference: translates the java object to an xml requestset document and sends the corresponding xml document to the specified url .
Candidate: translates the java object to an xml requestset document and sends the corresponding xml document to the specified url .

Sample 11305:
Reference: set if should start the camera by default
Candidate: starts the best camera intent for taking the camera in the given direction .

Sample 11306:
Reference: start the ledger allocator .
Candidate: starts the socks server .

Sample 11307:
Reference: processes the provided extended operation .
Candidate: processes the internal access operation with the internal operation .

Sample 11308:
Reference: draws a quadrilateral outline using the current opengl state .
Candidate: draws the current line aligned to the <UNK> .

Sample 11309:
Reference: override it to clear them if not used or log details
Candidate: called when the is called when the search is is loaded .

Sample 11310:
Reference: the index of the start production supplied by generated subclass .
Candidate: the index of the start production supplied by generated subclass .

Sample 11311:
Reference: make the badge non visible in the ui .
Candidate: make the badge non visible in the ui .

Sample 11312:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11313:
Reference: clears the string buffer .
Candidate: sets the buffer of to this bytearray .

Sample 11314:
Reference: resets the crop overlay view .
Candidate: resets the crop overlay view .

Sample 11315:
Reference: deletes a specified bookmark node .
Candidate: deletes a specified bookmark node .

Sample 11316:
Reference: string describing default classifier .
Candidate: string describing default classifier .

Sample 11317:
Reference: decrements the drop count for the specified piece .
Candidate: decrement the drop count for a particular piece .

Sample 11318:
Reference: tests if a is smaller or equal to b .
Candidate: tests if a is smaller or equal to b .

Sample 11319:
Reference: are we on the first row of the result set ?
Candidate: returns if this result set associated with the result set .

Sample 11320:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11321:
Reference: determines whether or not the specified encoding is supported .
Candidate: tests whether or not this field is allowed to the

Sample 11322:
Reference: determine whether the system is big endian .
Candidate: indicates whether the audio data is stored in big endian or little endian byte order .

Sample 11323:
Reference: compatible for older callback interface in . or older .
Candidate: compatible for older callback interface in bytes or older older older

Sample 11324:
Reference: clear the password database
Candidate: deletes all database from the database

Sample 11325:
Reference: calculates the radius of a node based on its two child nodes .
Candidate: calculates the global distance of node .

Sample 11326:
Reference: whether or not the node is running
Candidate: is this method is check that is called .

Sample 11327:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11328:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 11329:
Reference: this method can be used to base encode the specified data .
Candidate: this method can be used to base encode the specified data .

Sample 11330:
Reference: cast a object to a char value primitive value type
Candidate: cast a char to a char value

Sample 11331:
Reference: computes the variance for a single set
Candidate: computes the variance for a single set

Sample 11332:
Reference: normalizes the source id if required e . g .
Candidate: returns the default id id for the <UNK> list .

Sample 11333:
Reference: a version of sneaky throw to relay exceptions
Candidate: a version of sneaky throw to relay exceptions .

Sample 11334:
Reference: write the strings to a temporary file .
Candidate: write the strings to a temporary file .

Sample 11335:
Reference: setup what fusion mode should be requested from the incomining subscription if it happens to be queuesubscription
Candidate: setup what fusion mode should be requested from the incomining subscription if it happens to be queuesubscription

Sample 11336:
Reference: starts the audio playback if necessary .
Candidate: starts the audio playback if necessary .

Sample 11337:
Reference: check if items must be classic
Candidate: check if the is the defaults to be replaced

Sample 11338:
Reference: create an instance of scopingelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 11339:
Reference: uri prefix wikibase uses for entities .
Candidate: get the entity of this expanded statement .

Sample 11340:
Reference: write out the metadata record for the btree on the store and return the address .
Candidate: writes an entry value onto the store .

Sample 11341:
Reference: checks if node has specified property
Candidate: checks if node has specified property

Sample 11342:
Reference: associate the value with the key and version in this store
Candidate: associate the value with the key and version in this store

Sample 11343:
Reference: reload config from file .
Candidate: reload config from file .

Sample 11344:
Reference: returns the string identifying the given cufilter mode
Candidate: returns the string identifying the given cufilter mode

Sample 11345:
Reference: return an additional online mobile field
Candidate: return friends online online field

Sample 11346:
Reference: converts the ampersand quote prime less than and greater than characters to their corresponding html entities in the given string .
Candidate: replace all the html entities from a string which is the dot entities .

Sample 11347:
Reference: handles the event of an entry s value being invalidated .
Candidate: called when an event is invalidated .

Sample 11348:
Reference: throws exception if any associated with the given status .
Candidate: throws exception if any associated with the given status .

Sample 11349:
Reference: indicates if the item at position position is selected
Candidate: indicates if the item at position position is selected

Sample 11350:
Reference: this method is intended to make the userfolder to be visually identical in size and position to its associated foldericon .
Candidate: this method is intended to make the userfolder to be visually identical in size and position to its associated foldericon .

Sample 11351:
Reference: returns a copy of this printer parser with the optional flag changed .
Candidate: returns a copy of this printer parser with the optional flag changed .

Sample 11352:
Reference: warning log message with printf formatting .
Candidate: warning log message with printf formatting .

Sample 11353:
Reference: rewinds this buffer .
Candidate: rewinds this buffer .

Sample 11354:
Reference: insert item into pq with given priority .
Candidate: insert a lowest item in the view s bytes .

Sample 11355:
Reference: puts or loads the passed element into the cache
Candidate: puts or loads the passed element into the cache

Sample 11356:
Reference: sends a message to a given address
Candidate: sends a message to the given address

Sample 11357:
Reference: delay post a new preview rendering run .
Candidate: delay post a new preview rendering .

Sample 11358:
Reference: checks a given class
Candidate: checks a given class

Sample 11359:
Reference: reads new input data into the buffer .
Candidate: reads new input data into the buffer .

Sample 11360:
Reference: the playing time remaining is and there are items of pre paid credits left .
Candidate: you have the remaining time .

Sample 11361:
Reference: adds a sequence of data to the set with default weight
Candidate: adds a sequence of data to the set with default weight

Sample 11362:
Reference: converts pound mass to kilograms .
Candidate: converts the <UNK> to force an <UNK> to the <UNK> .

Sample 11363:
Reference: gets job finishing state .
Candidate: tests whether this domain s capacity of the entire layer .

Sample 11364:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 11365:
Reference: if the iterator needs to cache nodes as they are fetched then this method returns true .
Candidate: if the iterator needs to cache nodes as they are fetched then this method returns true .

Sample 11366:
Reference: tests if wheel is cyclic .
Candidate: tests if wheel is cyclic .

Sample 11367:
Reference: finds genericvalues by the conditions specified in the entitycondition object the the entitycondition javadoc for more details .
Candidate: finds genericvalues by the conditions specified in the entitycondition object the the entitycondition javadoc for more details .

Sample 11368:
Reference: asyncrhonously request more elements from the stream
Candidate: requests the completed stream to a task asynchronously in the future .

Sample 11369:
Reference: ends the current element .
Candidate: ends the current element at the given tag and writes it to the end of .

Sample 11370:
Reference: initialize the wrapper to listen for the proper notifications .
Candidate: initializes the listeners and listeners to listeners .

Sample 11371:
Reference: sets the id of the indexed document .
Candidate: sets the id of the indexed document .

Sample 11372:
Reference: notifies data manager that no further writes will be performed on stream .
Candidate: push a meta ids to to current user .

Sample 11373:
Reference: computes the norm of a z
Candidate: returns the normal product of the specified z value

Sample 11374:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11375:
Reference: an implementation of the object class .
Candidate: get a proper type of the object for which is identical to be executed .

Sample 11376:
Reference: checks if the querystring contains exactly one lucene query throws exceptions if not or if the query is incomplete
Candidate: check if a query only contains the same number of results for query .

Sample 11377:
Reference: adds an element to the element .
Candidate: adds an element to the element .

Sample 11378:
Reference: accessor for the byte ordering used to read multibyte types .
Candidate: returns the byte ordering .

Sample 11379:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 11380:
Reference: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .
Candidate: use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters .

Sample 11381:
Reference: get the number of rows in this list .
Candidate: returns the number of elements value mappings in this map .

Sample 11382:
Reference: sorts the individuals in ascending order according to their performance thus the best one will be in last position .
Candidate: sorts the individuals using a comparator .

Sample 11383:
Reference: run an ask query .
Candidate: convenience method that asks a sparql query with the one query

Sample 11384:
Reference: check if interrupt is allowed .
Candidate: checks if a pointer is a <UNK> type for a native object

Sample 11385:
Reference: add all the elements of the collection to the adapter
Candidate: adds all the data to the adapter

Sample 11386:
Reference: remove the tap detection timer .
Candidate: removes the view changes from the list of cooldown it .

Sample 11387:
Reference: removes all addresses from the actual user
Candidate: removes all the addresses from the list of <UNK> .

Sample 11388:
Reference: incorpora un rol al conjunto de roles asociados a un usuario
Candidate: inserta en la lista de un usuario

Sample 11389:
Reference: creates a new solr cluster based on the provided configuration .
Candidate: create a redis starting from the <UNK> cluster .

Sample 11390:
Reference: return whether the string does not match the given pattern .
Candidate: return an expression expression with the given name and

Sample 11391:
Reference: hash a string and long seed .
Candidate: hash a int and long seed .

Sample 11392:
Reference: stops this thread .
Candidate: this initiates method to do any thread to the thread .

Sample 11393:
Reference: on socket disconnect post callback
Candidate: called after a connection was closed the connector .

Sample 11394:
Reference: convenience method calling createmethodtestfitness class method with the respective class and method of the given bytecodeinstruction .
Candidate: creates an <UNK> test method with the <UNK> object and method of the class that implements the given bytecodeinstruction .

Sample 11395:
Reference: formats a given datetime into a timestamp .
Candidate: formats a new date as a string timestamp .

Sample 11396:
Reference: return whether this token represents end of file .
Candidate: return whether this token represents end of file .

Sample 11397:
Reference: decompose the smpp pdu bind command .
Candidate: bind positional bind request to the database .

Sample 11398:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: return the tip text for this property .

Sample 11399:
Reference: detach lun snap synchronously
Candidate: detach the lun so it is restarted for <UNK>

Sample 11400:
Reference: if a sender has permission to use this command
Candidate: checks if the given sender is currently logged in the <UNK> .

Sample 11401:
Reference: are given dataflow facts the same ?
Candidate: compares two stacks for a given type to this if it wants to define the same type .

Sample 11402:
Reference: add space padding between data in table
Candidate: prints a string by space .

Sample 11403:
Reference: notifies the aliasing strategy that a method has been called in the taint analysis .
Candidate: this method is called before the <UNK> method will call the <UNK> method in the cfg context .

Sample 11404:
Reference: called when this complex type redefines the specified complex type .
Candidate: this this method is exposed to this class on the base type .

Sample 11405:
Reference: associate the given value with the key of the specified field .
Candidate: associate the given value with the key of the specified field .

Sample 11406:
Reference: check whether provided id is trash id .
Candidate: checks if we id is a suspended id for <UNK> .

Sample 11407:
Reference: removes the specified entry if one exits example a b c test . txt
Candidate: removes the specified entry if one exits example a b c test . txt

Sample 11408:
Reference: purges all game listener objects .
Candidate: purges all game objects occurring on this preview .

Sample 11409:
Reference: too many levels of remote in path
Candidate: too many levels of remote in path

Sample 11410:
Reference: returns true if this plotter supports sorting for the selected plot dimension .
Candidate: indicates if this is the heading of the <UNK> .

Sample 11411:
Reference: perform an initial indexing of a data column .
Candidate: implemented for performance reasons .

Sample 11412:
Reference: shuffles randomizes the order of the files appearing in the test set .
Candidate: shuffles randomizes the order of the files appearing in the test set .

Sample 11413:
Reference: add to text msg
Candidate: add a text to the end of this message .

Sample 11414:
Reference: is this an annotation class instantiation i . e .
Candidate: returns whether this annotation has the meaning that of the data that have been cleared .

Sample 11415:
Reference: returns if it begins href logout display
Candidate: returns whether it begins begins the logout request .

Sample 11416:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11417:
Reference: maps future on ready topology .
Candidate: map the subclass to to be stopped on the the challenge .

Sample 11418:
Reference: tells if this rectangle is empty it s area is zero .
Candidate: test whether the map is empty .

Sample 11419:
Reference: the dopost method of the servlet .
Candidate: the dopost method of the servlet .

Sample 11420:
Reference: wait for any pending asynchronous operations that this thread submitted earlier to complete .
Candidate: waits for the main thread to perform a new operations .

Sample 11421:
Reference: retrieves and removes the last element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the last element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .

Sample 11422:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11423:
Reference: return a hbase scan metric to retrieve the tuple .
Candidate: return callback used to throw an exception to

Sample 11424:
Reference: only select deployments with a name like the given string .
Candidate: only select deployments with a name like the given string .

Sample 11425:
Reference: add a fake window to the window manager .
Candidate: add a fake window to the window manager .

Sample 11426:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11427:
Reference: turns every whitespace character into a space character .
Candidate: turns every whitespace character into a space character .

Sample 11428:
Reference: adds wheel clicking listener
Candidate: adds wheel clicking listener

Sample 11429:
Reference: this method notifies the listener of the current time position while previewing a project .
Candidate: this method notifies the ui status of the preview status of a certain amount .

Sample 11430:
Reference: indicate the ajax request should use the main ui thread for callback .
Candidate: set the maximum size of the encoder if necessary .

Sample 11431:
Reference: adds an entry into this map .
Candidate: adds an entry into this map .

Sample 11432:
Reference: adds a new component to this container .
Candidate: adds a component to this container .

Sample 11433:
Reference: adds the specified port to the list for required ports to scan for .
Candidate: adds the specified port to the port of required to scan for .

Sample 11434:
Reference: performs a sort on the given string array .
Candidate: performs a sort on the given string array .

Sample 11435:
Reference: cleans up the job staging directory .
Candidate: clean up the temp directory for the distributed directory .

Sample 11436:
Reference: adds a new property to the list which has been added as the latest .
Candidate: add the specified property to the current value if it is not present .

Sample 11437:
Reference: this is logically a private method and should not be called by clients of this interface .
Candidate: this is logically a private method and should not be called by clients of this interface .

Sample 11438:
Reference: returns true if the encapsulated instances contain just header information
Candidate: returns true if the encapsulated instances contain just header information

Sample 11439:
Reference: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .
Candidate: close the slidingmenu and show the content view .

Sample 11440:
Reference: is released from the aerial snare .
Candidate: you has opening the enchanting to <UNK> .

Sample 11441:
Reference: returns this buffer s capacity .
Candidate: returns the capacity of this buffer .

Sample 11442:
Reference: initialize the backup id field with a value .
Candidate: initializes the backup in a new message

Sample 11443:
Reference: performs the given action for each line of the charseq .
Candidate: performs the given action for each line of the charseq

Sample 11444:
Reference: checks if an arrowpoint is allowed by background knowledge .
Candidate: checks if an arrowpoint is allowed by background knowledge .

Sample 11445:
Reference: adds the given value to the comittedvirtualmemsize .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> allocation to this the total number of bytes .

Sample 11446:
Reference: removes p door from this room .
Candidate: check if the list is <UNK> to be removed

Sample 11447:
Reference: peek the next character and do not advance the cursor .
Candidate: peek the next character and do not advance the cursor .

Sample 11448:
Reference: sends an add entity packet with only one entity .
Candidate: add an add entry of adding the collection entity so that add a collection of collection associated collection .

Sample 11449:
Reference: paints the specified shape using the specified graphics d .
Candidate: paints the specified shape using the specified shape .

Sample 11450:
Reference: spawn all npc s from templates
Candidate: clean all world world groups for the global rs .

Sample 11451:
Reference: synchronous historyread service request .
Candidate: synchronous historyread service request .

Sample 11452:
Reference: this makes the currently active action execute after the specified event filter is passed .
Candidate: this makes the currently active action execute after the specified event filter is passed .

Sample 11453:
Reference: gets the value of the askforusername property .
Candidate: gets the value of the askforusername property .

Sample 11454:
Reference: describe the kinds of special objects contained in this parcelable s marshalled representation .
Candidate: describe the kinds of special objects contained in this parcelable s marshalled representation .

Sample 11455:
Reference: called after a project config is updated .
Candidate: called after a project config is updated .

Sample 11456:
Reference: create a blank rgba matrix bit color info channels
Candidate: creates an iso matrix with a byte array

Sample 11457:
Reference: indicates if a track is currently running .
Candidate: indicates if a track is currently running .

Sample 11458:
Reference: returns true if this type supports index and query analyzers false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if this type supports index and query analyzers false otherwise .

Sample 11459:
Reference: check arrays with builder .
Candidate: check that <UNK> is an expected to be merged .

Sample 11460:
Reference: this method is called when the click is pressed
Candidate: reports that a web socket has been closed .

Sample 11461:
Reference: indicates if the button has been selected .
Candidate: indicates whether the item is selected .

Sample 11462:
Reference: rounds a double to the given number of decimal places .
Candidate: rounds a double to the given number of decimal places .

Sample 11463:
Reference: checks if this provider accepts the given server uri .
Candidate: returns true if the resource is accepted for the uri directory .

Sample 11464:
Reference: called when the user has entered a value and pressed verify .
Candidate: called when the user has entered a value and pressed verify .

Sample 11465:
Reference: check that this object is ready to operate .
Candidate: check that this object is ready to operate .

Sample 11466:
Reference: a property in the override style declaration has been changed .
Candidate: called when a property property was changed .

Sample 11467:
Reference: remove the given listener
Candidate: remove the given listener

Sample 11468:
Reference: set the google cloud project to pull from .
Candidate: set the google cloud project to ack to .

Sample 11469:
Reference: reallocate arbitrary memory chunk .
Candidate: reallocate a native memory of memory memory chunk .

Sample 11470:
Reference: initializes the native side counterpart to this class .
Candidate: initializes the native side counterpart to this class .

Sample 11471:
Reference: notifies the activity tracker that there was activity on the connection .
Candidate: called when the <UNK> should be called .

Sample 11472:
Reference: views the array as an immutable list .
Candidate: views the array as an immutable list .

Sample 11473:
Reference: convert from geographic to geocentric latitude radians
Candidate: get latitude coordinate from a latitude radians

Sample 11474:
Reference: returns the sum of all values in this map .
Candidate: returns the sum of all values in this map .

Sample 11475:
Reference: has function a body ?
Candidate: has the tag a body ?

Sample 11476:
Reference: checks the presence of certificatevalues and revocationvalues segments in the signature what is the proof lta or a profile existence
Candidate: checks if the user line is contained in the <UNK> the profile signature is the proof b profile existence

Sample 11477:
Reference: sets the state of all attributes to selected .
Candidate: sets the state of all attributes to selected .

Sample 11478:
Reference: returns true if the dip publication contains an array .
Candidate: indicates if this item is an item type .

Sample 11479:
Reference: returns a string describing this unit of measurement attribute
Candidate: returns the attribute name as a string .

Sample 11480:
Reference: creates scroller appropriate for specific wheel implementation .
Candidate: creates scroller appropriate for specific wheel implementation .

Sample 11481:
Reference: visits a zero operand instruction .
Candidate: visits a zero operand instruction .

Sample 11482:
Reference: prints the time in a simple format .
Candidate: print the time in the system .

Sample 11483:
Reference: method for beancontextchild interface .
Candidate: method for beancontextchild interface .

Sample 11484:
Reference: record the locator this mode is defined at .
Candidate: record the given deployment .

Sample 11485:
Reference: method called to get an instance of typeresolverbuilder of specified type .
Candidate: method to construct a builder builder for the specified type .

Sample 11486:
Reference: returns whether the notification of changes is enabled
Candidate: returns whether the notification of changes is enabled

Sample 11487:
Reference: returns true if field status is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field status is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 11488:
Reference: returns true if this element is the last child element of its parent
Candidate: checks if the element is pointing to the last element element .

Sample 11489:
Reference: returns the next tab stop position after a given reference position .
Candidate: returns the next tab stop position after a given reference position .

Sample 11490:
Reference: pack ipv address and socket into a long .
Candidate: splits the socket as a socket .

Sample 11491:
Reference: gets alive server nodes with at least one cache configured .
Candidate: gets topology server for all cache info on the given cache .

Sample 11492:
Reference: adds an implicit array which is used for all items of the given element name defined by itemname .
Candidate: adds an implicit array . . . .

Sample 11493:
Reference: reads a single character .
Candidate: reads a range given its bits .

Sample 11494:
Reference: evaluate model on a target to obtain the target value as a float .
Candidate: evaluates the target so that it can be called by the base player .

Sample 11495:
Reference: is this fixture a sensor non solid ?
Candidate: returns whether this fixture is a sensor .

Sample 11496:
Reference: inserts a short array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .
Candidate: inserts a short array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key .

Sample 11497:
Reference: gives the absolute path of the logo image
Candidate: calculates the url path the the user to image the specified watermark image

Sample 11498:
Reference: called for each possible assignment for the random variables comprising this categoricaldistribution .
Candidate: called for each possible assignment for the random variables comprising this probabilitytable .

Sample 11499:
Reference: generate a set of elements according to specialized criteria defined by the subclass .
Candidate: this method returns the new representation of the elements specified by the logical builder .

Sample 11500:
Reference: asserts that obj is an instance of cls
Candidate: asserts that actual class is an actual json .

Sample 11501:
Reference: triggered after a resource has been successfully written to cache .
Candidate: triggered by the cache cache was read from the cache .

Sample 11502:
Reference: simply wraps a pre built incomplete transaction provided by you .
Candidate: creates a request from which contains the remaining <UNK> in the given request .

Sample 11503:
Reference: reset the mac generator .
Candidate: reset the mac generator .

Sample 11504:
Reference: returns the byte array form of this attribute .
Candidate: returns the byte array form of this attribute .

Sample 11505:
Reference: sets the text size of the messages
Candidate: sets the text size of the messages

Sample 11506:
Reference: open the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .
Candidate: open the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .

Sample 11507:
Reference: tells the managers to run all queued tasks .
Candidate: execute current tasks to execute current tasks .

Sample 11508:
Reference: encrypt data using the cryptosession s cipher algorithm
Candidate: encrypt data data using the secret key and mac key .

Sample 11509:
Reference: add an observation to this distribution .
Candidate: adds a new recorded value to the sample .

Sample 11510:
Reference: adds a property change listener to the series .
Candidate: add a propertychangelistener to the listener list .

Sample 11511:
Reference: get a context specific instance of a cache .
Candidate: get a context specific instance of a cache .

Sample 11512:
Reference: show the overlap graph
Candidate: show the overlap graph

Sample 11513:
Reference: creates and executes a one shot action that becomes enabled after the given delay .
Candidate: creates and executes a one shot action that becomes enabled after the given delay .

Sample 11514:
Reference: edits a comment in a text node .
Candidate: edits a comment which the the of of the currently selected instruction .

Sample 11515:
Reference: create a new output catcher and start it .
Candidate: start the <UNK> output stream which is <UNK> to be confused with the <UNK> .

Sample 11516:
Reference: bind the data to the viewholder for loading state of this section
Candidate: bind the data to the viewholder for loading state of this section

Sample 11517:
Reference: use mocked dns to resolve host
Candidate: resolves the given dns host and returns it in an dot list if the dot matches .

Sample 11518:
Reference: drops the underlying database table .
Candidate: drops the underlying database table .

Sample 11519:
Reference: creates a new cseqheader based on the newly supplied contentlength value .
Candidate: creates a new cseqheader based on the newly supplied contentlength value .

Sample 11520:
Reference: gets type literal from super class s type parameter .
Candidate: gets the type of super class s type .

Sample 11521:
Reference: this will discard all undoable edits
Candidate: clears the existing cell of this <UNK> .

Sample 11522:
Reference: return boolean value from the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml space default preserve .
Candidate: return boolean value from the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml space default preserve .

Sample 11523:
Reference: append data into the managed byte .
Candidate: append given to the byte array .

Sample 11524:
Reference: force to synchronize an uncommitted data to backed memory pool .
Candidate: force processors cache for a memory to a memory pool

Sample 11525:
Reference: returns the distance to another coordinate
Candidate: returns the distance euclidean distance between this location and another point

Sample 11526:
Reference: remove a zone from the network system
Candidate: removes a zone having a personalized fabric . the given network .

Sample 11527:
Reference: code shared by string and abstractstringbuilder to do searches .
Candidate: code shared by string and abstractstringbuilder to do searches .

Sample 11528:
Reference: writes out a block of text that contains no newlines
Candidate: writes out a block of text that contains no newlines

Sample 11529:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 11530:
Reference: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don t handle any extensions !
Candidate: will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don t handle any extensions !

Sample 11531:
Reference: runs the script from commandline .
Candidate: main method for converting this script .

Sample 11532:
Reference: hides the gui by either sending it to the system tray or minimizing the window .
Candidate: hide the rectancle and show the system window .

Sample 11533:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 11534:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 11535:
Reference: gets the value of the cancelable property .
Candidate: gets the value of the cancelable property .

Sample 11536:
Reference: returns true if given family id is one of the set operations
Candidate: returns true if uid id is valid or not

Sample 11537:
Reference: launch the given callback in a new java thread but with arguments being passed to it .
Candidate: instantiates a thread instance of the specified <UNK> object .

Sample 11538:
Reference: return true if the tree is empty
Candidate: is the heap empty ?

Sample 11539:
Reference: resolve an external entity .
Candidate: resolve an external entity .

Sample 11540:
Reference: send escaped string to outputstream .
Candidate: writes the string string to an outputstream of outputstream outputstream .

Sample 11541:
Reference: open a tag with given name .
Candidate: open an xml tag .

Sample 11542:
Reference: is this the last step ?
Candidate: is this the last step ?

Sample 11543:
Reference: obtain the timestamp for the last collected sample .
Candidate: get the last modified date of a file

Sample 11544:
Reference: returns whether this armor stand has arms
Candidate: indicates if this is has a effect of the <UNK> .

Sample 11545:
Reference: lock the focus as the first step for a still image capture .
Candidate: lock the focus as the first step for a still image capture .

Sample 11546:
Reference: delete records filter by wherestatement
Candidate: delete a statement from sql statement

Sample 11547:
Reference: retrieves a set of unique string values used in a given column of a source .
Candidate: computes the column column from a source column to the end of the column .

Sample 11548:
Reference: closes the socket and releases resources
Candidate: close any resources associated with this policy .

Sample 11549:
Reference: parses qualified items item specs with optional versions version ranges or deletion specifiers from the free arguments .
Candidate: parses a tree definition and returns the syntax of for a new version of the .

Sample 11550:
Reference: indicates if this chain currently has a valid sample source .
Candidate: indicated whether this event is an source source document

Sample 11551:
Reference: return whether a field type is nested
Candidate: determines if the given name is a parsed field name .

Sample 11552:
Reference: releases resources associated with this puncher usually means thread pools .
Candidate: initiates an orderly shutdown in which previously published notifications are delivered but no new notifications will be accepted .

Sample 11553:
Reference: is the given word the name of a css function ?
Candidate: returns whether the given name is to be allowed for the specified name .

Sample 11554:
Reference: fully read from the file .
Candidate: fully read from the file .

Sample 11555:
Reference: delete all lifecycle events in the db for this server .
Candidate: deletes all the <UNK> from the database server .

Sample 11556:
Reference: forcibly stops this process .
Candidate: clean up all resources associated with the webview .

Sample 11557:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 11558:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 11559:
Reference: pre loads all textures sounds music text fonts and binary data from their respective folders .
Candidate: caches this writer in the database .

Sample 11560:
Reference: look in the cache at the home location for the given classvalue .
Candidate: look in the cache at the home location for the given classvalue .

Sample 11561:
Reference: checks whether this preference s dependents should currently be disabled .
Candidate: checks whether this preference s dependents should currently be disabled .

Sample 11562:
Reference: returns the value of the contents of a file as a string using utf as charset encoding .
Candidate: read a file from file system and and flush system i . e .

Sample 11563:
Reference: action listeners give a more coarse event only when the user lifts the finger from the slider
Candidate: removes an action listener

Sample 11564:
Reference: returns true if the local filter information is set .
Candidate: returns true if the filter has a local search filter .

Sample 11565:
Reference: create the directory and all required parent directories .
Candidate: create the directory and all required parent directories .

Sample 11566:
Reference: event happens when value changed .
Candidate: performs some actions when a new value list .

Sample 11567:
Reference: restarts the current gesture
Candidate: restarts the current gesture

Sample 11568:
Reference: remove all elements on this list
Candidate: reset the the the list

Sample 11569:
Reference: is the element an object type ?
Candidate: tests if the array is an object and not a primitive array .

Sample 11570:
Reference: returns a new immutable class to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .
Candidate: returns a new immutable class to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .

Sample 11571:
Reference: called by the framework during initialization when the inputmethod interface for this service needs to be created .
Candidate: get if the input method should be called from the <UNK> method .

Sample 11572:
Reference: compacts the buffer moving bytes from the current position to the end of the buffer to the head of the buffer .
Candidate: returns the entire buffer contents .

Sample 11573:
Reference: tells the controller to prepare simulation and updates enabled state .
Candidate: called after a new transition is changed .

Sample 11574:
Reference: return the number of signers in the collection .
Candidate: return the number of signers in the collection .

Sample 11575:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 11576:
Reference: creates a document instance .
Candidate: creates a document instance .

Sample 11577:
Reference: returns true if this regex represents a nested mapping false other cases .
Candidate: check if passed is included with name name

Sample 11578:
Reference: the position of the filter in the chain .
Candidate: return the order of the constant

Sample 11579:
Reference: returns true if the consumermanager is configured to fallback to stateless mode when failing to associate with an openid provider .
Candidate: returns true if the consumermanager is configured to use instead of <UNK> .

Sample 11580:
Reference: convert pixels to dp using the device screen density
Candidate: converts a dp value along to pixel density

Sample 11581:
Reference: writes a string and a cause into the warning category of the log
Candidate: writes a string and a cause into the warning category of the log

Sample 11582:
Reference: whether this is indirectly an outer joined table nested within an inner join .
Candidate: whether this is indirectly an outer joined table nested within an inner join .

Sample 11583:
Reference: onpulluptorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the end and released .
Candidate: onpulluptorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the end and released .

Sample 11584:
Reference: indicates if the device is running lmp or higher .
Candidate: indicates if the device is running <UNK> or higher .

Sample 11585:
Reference: get the type of the zeroconfservice object .
Candidate: get the type of the zeroconfservice object .

Sample 11586:
Reference: load plugins specific preferences from cordova s config . xml .
Candidate: load a new metadata instance from a .

Sample 11587:
Reference: true if the replicator should stop on checksum failure .
Candidate: returns true if the vm is due to a <UNK> server .

Sample 11588:
Reference: returns true if the user has remapped this physical channel to a different physical number than it s default on the specified lineup
Candidate: returns whether this channel is a <UNK> to a new physical channel on the specified lineup

Sample 11589:
Reference: calls a method on the underlying javascript object that returns a javascript object .
Candidate: calls a method for flush a callback method

Sample 11590:
Reference: returns a string describing this filter
Candidate: returns a string describing this object

Sample 11591:
Reference: returns a new shapeattributes instance of the same type as this shapeattributes who s properties are configured exactly as this shapeattributes .
Candidate: creates an attribute copy of the current resource using the current current name and the current current .

Sample 11592:
Reference: factory method for jvmrtbootclasspathtable table metadata class .
Candidate: factory method for <UNK> table metadata class .

Sample 11593:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11594:
Reference: turns on the local flag .
Candidate: checks if the service is available locally .

Sample 11595:
Reference: appends post execute hook code to the script that will be interpreted
Candidate: run after background run in this query

Sample 11596:
Reference: zoom the display in or out depending on the direction of the mouse wheel motion .
Candidate: zoom the display in in the out of assets .

Sample 11597:
Reference: returns the weight to be applied to a sample for the normalized distance of two data points .
Candidate: return the given value mapping .

Sample 11598:
Reference: returns a shallow clone .
Candidate: returns a shallow clone .

Sample 11599:
Reference: returns whether the printng was aborted using this printingstatus
Candidate: tests whether the request has been aborted .

Sample 11600:
Reference: asserts that the connection has not been aborted .
Candidate: asserts that the connection has not been aborted .

Sample 11601:
Reference: clears the iterator using its remove method .
Candidate: clears the iterator using its remove method .

Sample 11602:
Reference: initiates a seek request for the remote playback device to the specified position .
Candidate: initiates a seek request for the specified position to the specified position to the specified position .

Sample 11603:
Reference: reads snapshot information from stream input
Candidate: reads snapshot from an array snapshot

Sample 11604:
Reference: map the previously configured response or response source to a uri .
Candidate: creates a webpage with the given uri .

Sample 11605:
Reference: stores a boolean value .
Candidate: stores an boolean value .

Sample 11606:
Reference: check if language is loaded
Candidate: determines whether the locator is a loaded property or not .

Sample 11607:
Reference: check if a type is at an index
Candidate: check if the read is readable for the given type .

Sample 11608:
Reference: tries to renew an ip lease .
Candidate: tries to renew an ip lease .

Sample 11609:
Reference: prints an sql comment to the current stream .
Candidate: this fired after printing of comments .

Sample 11610:
Reference: create a keyrange including all keys smaller than the given key
Candidate: create a keyrange including all keys smaller than the given key

Sample 11611:
Reference: does this device have a system navigation bar ?
Candidate: does this device have a system navigation bar ?

Sample 11612:
Reference: determines whether the edge var var is required by a knowledge group .
Candidate: determines whether the edge var var is required by a knowledge group .

Sample 11613:
Reference: switches the state to closed .
Candidate: closes the target and releases any system resources associated with the stream .

Sample 11614:
Reference: add a new osc in message with the specified address .
Candidate: add a message to the specified address type .

Sample 11615:
Reference: construct a trigger that triggers instead of an operation on table .
Candidate: gets trigger triggers triggers based on an table .

Sample 11616:
Reference: gets the value of the option property .
Candidate: gets the value of the option property .

Sample 11617:
Reference: shortcut method with criteria
Candidate: shortcut method with criteria

Sample 11618:
Reference: returns whether the socket supports urgent data or not .
Candidate: returns whether the socket supports urgent data or not .

Sample 11619:
Reference: called when the activity is no longer visible to the user .
Candidate: called when the activity is no longer visible to the user .

Sample 11620:
Reference: create a chunk from this clustering .
Candidate: create a chunk from this clustering .

Sample 11621:
Reference: begins the http service .
Candidate: begins the http service .

Sample 11622:
Reference: executes a remote procedure call any java objects pojos will be serialized to json by the jackson library
Candidate: executes a remote procedure call any java objects pojos will be serialized to json by the jackson library

Sample 11623:
Reference: finds all alerts for the given entity .
Candidate: finds a for a given entity object .

Sample 11624:
Reference: initialize the database with the data from the assets files .
Candidate: initialize the sample s database .

Sample 11625:
Reference: looks for a join on the given property for the queryobject
Candidate: find the <UNK> query and returns the results of a given property .

Sample 11626:
Reference: adds an event set provider .
Candidate: adds a new event set to this event .

Sample 11627:
Reference: checks if value is a valid digest
Candidate: tests if the given value is a raw value .

Sample 11628:
Reference: clears out the whole inventory .
Candidate: removes all of the mappings from this list optional operation .

Sample 11629:
Reference: remove specified resource from favorites resources
Candidate: remove the currently selected from one of the resource .

Sample 11630:
Reference: return the name of the field mode as it should appear in the bigquery schema .
Candidate: return the name of the field type as it should appear in the bigquery schema .

Sample 11631:
Reference: put a key value pair in the jsonobject where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .
Candidate: put a key value pair in the jsonobject where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a map .

Sample 11632:
Reference: used in chaining requests .
Candidate: this request will execute after the dependency completes .

Sample 11633:
Reference: the read limit there is no write limit on the buffer since the capacity will be automatically extended on overflow .
Candidate: returns the number of entries in this buffer .

Sample 11634:
Reference: tells whether the caret display is active or not .
Candidate: tells whether the caret display is active or not .

Sample 11635:
Reference: search app with store app .
Candidate: called when the app is to be rewritten by the modifier .

Sample 11636:
Reference: returns the hash code value for this object .
Candidate: returns the hash code value for this object .

Sample 11637:
Reference: processes the change representing the addition of an index .
Candidate: processes the change representing the removal of a table .

Sample 11638:
Reference: tells whether this stream is ready to be read .
Candidate: tells whether this stream is ready to be read .

Sample 11639:
Reference: process a notification that we have disconnected
Candidate: process a notification that we have disconnected

Sample 11640:
Reference: hides this scoreboard entry it won t show on the scoreboard but it will still exist .
Candidate: hide fade and hide the the

Sample 11641:
Reference: check to see if this set is in an immutable form
Candidate: tests if this stream will return the same stream result over all data .

Sample 11642:
Reference: initialises the mapview by calling its lifecycle methods .
Candidate: initializes the view obtaining view and ensures that it is not already needed .

Sample 11643:
Reference: check if the token has an authorized party azp entry .
Candidate: determine whether or not the token has been already defined by the <UNK> of the given password .

Sample 11644:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the end of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for space to become available .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the end of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for space to become available .

Sample 11645:
Reference: gets the value of the cpufeaturemasksupported property .
Candidate: gets whether the not virtual feature is in the <UNK> list .

Sample 11646:
Reference: ruft den wert der enabled eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: gets the value of the enabled property .

Sample 11647:
Reference: sets a new password for the first time .
Candidate: delete all data tables for a user and fills the <UNK> .

Sample 11648:
Reference: add a slave or subtitle to the current media player .
Candidate: add a java to use for slave or use .

Sample 11649:
Reference: replaces the terminal title with the top element from the title stack managed by the terminal the element is removed from the stack as expected
Candidate: pop the title content from the database .

Sample 11650:
Reference: gets the contents at the given url .
Candidate: gets the contents at the given url .

Sample 11651:
Reference: used when reading the next point from a logfile .
Candidate: used when the construction of next circle p the circle after

Sample 11652:
Reference: converts a decimal string into a hexadecimal string .
Candidate: generate a string string from a string to make sure it is not formatted .

Sample 11653:
Reference: used to avoid http bugs . sun . com view bug . do ? bug id
Candidate: used to avoid http bugs . sun . com view bug . do ? bug id

Sample 11654:
Reference: adds an element to the group node .
Candidate: adds an element to the group node .

Sample 11655:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 11656:
Reference: test if this isassignablefrom any of the given interface types .
Candidate: test whether this type is assignable from a array of entries in the array .

Sample 11657:
Reference: get enforce client security .
Candidate: get enforce client security .

Sample 11658:
Reference: indicates whether this reader is open .
Candidate: indicates whether this reader is open .

Sample 11659:
Reference: returns a subject object .
Candidate: creates the subject from this subject .

Sample 11660:
Reference: registers interest in a particular region and regular expression
Candidate: registers interest in a particular region and regular expression

Sample 11661:
Reference: visits the end of the annotation .
Candidate: visits the end of the annotation .

Sample 11662:
Reference: starts the dtd entity .
Candidate: same to start an entity location in the external source

Sample 11663:
Reference: this method is called before the parser starts processing its input .
Candidate: this method is called before the parser starts processing its input .

Sample 11664:
Reference: loads the styles and attributes defined in the xml tag of this class
Candidate: load the attributes from this template and adjusts the old attributes as a .

Sample 11665:
Reference: returns whether an attribute exists .
Candidate: returns whether an attribute exists .

Sample 11666:
Reference: create select for example
Candidate: create select for example

Sample 11667:
Reference: marks the specified message as the one currently processed by a replay thread .
Candidate: mark to the progress message to be sent into the <UNK> .

Sample 11668:
Reference: returns an enumeration of all child elements .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of all child elements .

Sample 11669:
Reference: the method todnf turns a liveexprnode into disjunctive normal form .
Candidate: this method for sum generated of jdk . method .

Sample 11670:
Reference: if this returns true the jsheet uses a transition effect when shown and when hidden .
Candidate: indicates whether this handler is capable during expand a regexp .

Sample 11671:
Reference: sets the deployed domain of the project .
Candidate: specifies the specified domain of the local domain .

Sample 11672:
Reference: disposes the resources aquired by the handler .
Candidate: disposes this imessagereader instance .

Sample 11673:
Reference: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience
Candidate: this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience

Sample 11674:
Reference: copy the specified source files avoiding duplicate entries .
Candidate: gets a copy of all of the names .

Sample 11675:
Reference: connect two local handlers .
Candidate: connect handler to receive handler .

Sample 11676:
Reference: method to be implemented to test the nullvalued combination
Candidate: called when the construction of the oauth method is to be called .

Sample 11677:
Reference: open an sqlite blob .
Candidate: open an sqlite blob .

Sample 11678:
Reference: does an argument with label exist ?
Candidate: does an argument with label exist ?

Sample 11679:
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .

Sample 11680:
Reference: increment a calendar by a given number of time units .
Candidate: increment a calendar by a given number of time units .

Sample 11681:
Reference: method which renders the text of the current button .
Candidate: method which renders the text of the current button .

Sample 11682:
Reference: sort flux using the provided comparator this is a lazy operation that materializes the provided flux on first use in order to sort it .
Candidate: sort the flux using the provided comparator .

Sample 11683:
Reference: process the locpathiterator to see if it contains variables or functions that may make it context dependent .
Candidate: process the locpathiterator to see if it contains variables or functions that may make it context dependent .

Sample 11684:
Reference: this method sends a command line to the server .
Candidate: send a message to the js list of js objects .

Sample 11685:
Reference: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a tag .
Candidate: compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a tag .

Sample 11686:
Reference: calculates the number of elements .
Candidate: returns the size size of the first in in the list .

Sample 11687:
Reference: if at the top and not in loading reset
Candidate: if at the top and not in loading reset

Sample 11688:
Reference: renew the lease that is associated with the given cookie .
Candidate: renew the lease for an given amount and long value to p long .

Sample 11689:
Reference: returns true if any of the values in the key select is a null .
Candidate: check whether this element have child element .

Sample 11690:
Reference: removes the axis with the specified name .
Candidate: removes the axis with the specified name

Sample 11691:
Reference: adds a reminder to a calendar event .
Candidate: adds a reminder entry reminder .

Sample 11692:
Reference: reads a synchsafe integer .
Candidate: reads a synchsafe integer .

Sample 11693:
Reference: cache for a stream
Candidate: cache for a stream

Sample 11694:
Reference: changes the placement side of the component the component with numberp component no and mirrors it at the vertical line through p pole .
Candidate: <UNK> the component with number p component no by p factor .

Sample 11695:
Reference: restore the parser as an assist parser
Candidate: called by the current <UNK> to the current state of this hardware .

Sample 11696:
Reference: whether a type and all that it references should be pruned from the graph .
Candidate: indicates whether a type and type of types of the type type is assumed to be reported .

Sample 11697:
Reference: set all components to zero .
Candidate: sets the components of this vector .

Sample 11698:
Reference: returns the bitmap of supported device level features .
Candidate: returns the bitmap size stored in features . .

Sample 11699:
Reference: return a string representation of operation code .
Candidate: returns the hash code for the given log code and .

Sample 11700:
Reference: creates markers for a cluster some time in the future .
Candidate: creates markers for a cluster some time in the future .

Sample 11701:
Reference: use an xpath string to select a nodelist .
Candidate: use an xpath string to select a nodelist .

Sample 11702:
Reference: fire characters cdata events .
Candidate: fire characters cdata events .

Sample 11703:
Reference: gets the value of the nfsmountcreationrequired property .
Candidate: indicates whether the backend should be encrypted to consider when the <UNK> is .

Sample 11704:
Reference: create the converter with no default value .
Candidate: create the converter with no default value .

Sample 11705:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11706:
Reference: releases an existing hold .
Candidate: resume the current thread until it to a new position and now .

Sample 11707:
Reference: append a cell to the text representation .
Candidate: appends a new cell to the current size in the provided row size .

Sample 11708:
Reference: tests whether item is contained by range
Candidate: tests whether item is contained by range

Sample 11709:
Reference: starts the stream writes out the filters using the preset encoding and encodes the stream .
Candidate: starts the stream stream and writes it to the stream .

Sample 11710:
Reference: returns true if this map contains no attributes .
Candidate: returns true if the map of this bundle is empty false otherwise .

Sample 11711:
Reference: called when entry lock ownership changes .
Candidate: callback invoked whenever there is a lock has been acquired by this transaction for any of the participating entries .

Sample 11712:
Reference: rewrite the configuration file with the in memory configuration .
Candidate: rewrite the configuration file with the in memory configuration .

Sample 11713:
Reference: submits a numeric token from the json data
Candidate: called when the <UNK> token is received a double .

Sample 11714:
Reference: construct a service description for registering with jmdns .
Candidate: construct a service description for registering with jmdns .

Sample 11715:
Reference: creates and returns a string representation of this object using the given separator for the fields
Candidate: creates and returns a string representation of this object using the given separator for the fields

Sample 11716:
Reference: helper method to check if the customer is subscribed .
Candidate: helper method to check if the customer is subscribed .

Sample 11717:
Reference: called when some of the data is updated .
Candidate: called when the user selects a photo in the list .

Sample 11718:
Reference: returns the value of this integer as a double .
Candidate: get the double value of this double .

Sample 11719:
Reference: return string serial no using left padding with .
Candidate: simple string representation of the to <UNK> with a format .

Sample 11720:
Reference: set the minimum document count terms should have in order to appear in the response .
Candidate: sets the minimum number of document per bucket .

Sample 11721:
Reference: utility method to query the modifier flags of this member returns false if the member is not a method .
Candidate: utility method to query the modifier flags of this member returns false if the member is not a method .

Sample 11722:
Reference: timeout for ping heartbeat and discovery requests .
Candidate: called when the user s user to <UNK> .

Sample 11723:
Reference: perform actions when source url check box changed .
Candidate: perform actions when source url check box changed .

Sample 11724:
Reference: executes all the tasks needed on the same thread .
Candidate: executes all the tasks needed on the same thread .

Sample 11725:
Reference: returns whether the given element has children .
Candidate: returns true if the element is children

Sample 11726:
Reference: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix beginning a specified index .
Candidate: tests if this string starts with the specified prefix beginning a specified index .

Sample 11727:
Reference: use this to run the promise in replay mode on a reactor .
Candidate: use this to run the promise in replay mode on a reactor .

Sample 11728:
Reference: be sure to set up all the gl buffers and other initializations here .
Candidate: be sure to set up all the gl buffers and other initializations here .

Sample 11729:
Reference: returns whether or not there are any more entries in the file to be parser .
Candidate: returns whether this cursor has already consumed the <UNK> stream .

Sample 11730:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11731:
Reference: whether this entry match the given keys .
Candidate: whether this entry match the given keys .

Sample 11732:
Reference: return the character at the specified index
Candidate: returns the character at the specified index in the specified .

Sample 11733:
Reference: called when the animation is stopping
Candidate: called when the animation is stopping

Sample 11734:
Reference: validation rules exclusive to types
Candidate: validate rules to <UNK>

Sample 11735:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 11736:
Reference: registers that a user has just logged in with the specified authtoken and guacamolesession .
Candidate: store the given token from a collection using the given guacamolesession .

Sample 11737:
Reference: false from this method to suppress that behavior
Candidate: call this method to prevent this event from bubbling to this widget s parent true or undefined to bubble .

Sample 11738:
Reference: determines whether the resource type id represents a valid and present resource type .
Candidate: used to see if a member will be found in the given uuid .

Sample 11739:
Reference: tests whether this virtualfile exists .
Candidate: returns whether the indicating whether this file exists .

Sample 11740:
Reference: validate whether nothing was written
Candidate: validates that the collection of <UNK> objects to be written to the total memory count .

Sample 11741:
Reference: returns the http status message or null if it is unknown .
Candidate: returns the http status message or null if it is unknown .

Sample 11742:
Reference: retrieves a principal user based on the primary key id .
Candidate: get the user entry id from a primary key id .

Sample 11743:
Reference: update priority of this logger .
Candidate: update the message if you want to send .

Sample 11744:
Reference: an action that returns the term vectors for a specific document .
Candidate: an action returns the term vectors for a specific document .

Sample 11745:
Reference: add links into a textview .
Candidate: add links into a textview .

Sample 11746:
Reference: does this body have fixed rotation ?
Candidate: does this body have fixed rotation ?

Sample 11747:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11748:
Reference: parse command line options flags and arguments .
Candidate: combines the command line command .

Sample 11749:
Reference: returns the area under roc for those predictions that have been collected in the evaluateclassifier classifier instances method .
Candidate: returns the area under roc for those that have used for the given class .

Sample 11750:
Reference: removes the undo history
Candidate: removes undo history

Sample 11751:
Reference: prints a message at warn priority .
Candidate: prints a message at warn priority .

Sample 11752:
Reference: reads a corba longlong that is java long value from this input stream .
Candidate: reads an idl long long from the input stream .

Sample 11753:
Reference: produces a reflective class .
Candidate: produces a reflective class .

Sample 11754:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11755:
Reference: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .
Candidate: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .

Sample 11756:
Reference: adds a line of context to this instance .
Candidate: adds a line of context to this instance .

Sample 11757:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 11758:
Reference: asserts that two objects refer to the same object .
Candidate: asserts that two objects refer to the same object .

Sample 11759:
Reference: given an left top object returns the line ch position that corresponds to it .
Candidate: given an left top object returns the line ch position that corresponds to it relative to the mode .

Sample 11760:
Reference: download a named config from zookeeper to a location on the filesystem
Candidate: download a config from the provided path .

Sample 11761:
Reference: reroutes the routing table based on the live nodes .
Candidate: reroutes the routing based on the delete nodes .

Sample 11762:
Reference: set the accept header to application json
Candidate: set the accept header to application json

Sample 11763:
Reference: ruft den wert der reverse eigenschaft ab .
Candidate: gets the wert der reverse eigenschaft ab .

Sample 11764:
Reference: wipe out event history for a single event
Candidate: wipe out event history for a single event

Sample 11765:
Reference: scales an image to an approximate size .
Candidate: convenience method creates an scale transform on the specified dimensions size

Sample 11766:
Reference: returns true if rendering data was lost since the last validate call .
Candidate: indicates whether the not this should be moved to the the cloud .

Sample 11767:
Reference: check type of section element defined by key .
Candidate: check type of section element defined by key .

Sample 11768:
Reference: return true if the chip is selected .
Candidate: indicates whether the item is selected .

Sample 11769:
Reference: checks whether node references without corresponding node definitions have been added since the last call .
Candidate: is if this virtual engine supports the distinct members of the distributed .

Sample 11770:
Reference: creates a window closed event .
Candidate: creates a window closed event .

Sample 11771:
Reference: purges all acls being set on the given root path and below
Candidate: recursively delete all yaml files below the given rootnodepaths and sends the listed authorizables and acls aces accordingly .

Sample 11772:
Reference: get the active element .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this hotspot is active .

Sample 11773:
Reference: fires a model changed event .
Candidate: update a model box with a empty model .

Sample 11774:
Reference: run matches on each physical table in the stream filtering down to matching tables .
Candidate: returns a stream of all the tables in the provided query tables .

Sample 11775:
Reference: remove context from the local thread .
Candidate: unsets the cached account id and the provided id .

Sample 11776:
Reference: your accumulated play time is hour s minute s .
Candidate: you is the remaining time to the out of time .

Sample 11777:
Reference: expand the absolute capacity of the builder so it can accept at least the specified number of elements without being resized .
Candidate: expand the absolute capacity of the receiver so it can accept at least the specified number of elements without being resized .

Sample 11778:
Reference: set the second port option .
Candidate: set the second port option .

Sample 11779:
Reference: call repaint on the parent component .
Candidate: repaint the animation component to repaint the style .

Sample 11780:
Reference: handler for when an image failed to load .
Candidate: handler for when an image failed to load .

Sample 11781:
Reference: draw a horizontal line to the given x coordinate .
Candidate: draw a line of to the given path .

Sample 11782:
Reference: creates a new bind result that is an exact copy of the provided result .
Candidate: creates a new bind result using the provided result result .

Sample 11783:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for space to become available .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for space to become available .

Sample 11784:
Reference: scroll progress between and when the user scrolls beyond the leftmost screen or in the case of rtl the rightmost screen .
Candidate: scroll progress between and when the user scrolls beyond the leftmost screen or in the case of rtl the rightmost screen .

Sample 11785:
Reference: determine the last modified timestamp for this resource .
Candidate: returns the last modified time .

Sample 11786:
Reference: parse an individual valuesource .
Candidate: parse an individual valuesource .

Sample 11787:
Reference: receive notification of the json primitive values java . lang . string java . lang . number java . lang . boolean null
Candidate: receive notification of the json primitive values java . lang . string java . lang . number java . lang . boolean null

Sample 11788:
Reference: returns a new inactive content block with the given content
Candidate: returns a new list of block content with the given title

Sample 11789:
Reference: iterates component and its children if any
Candidate: iterate the the of the iterable object using the provided visitor .

Sample 11790:
Reference: get the default envelope
Candidate: get the default envelope

Sample 11791:
Reference: tests if this stack is empty .
Candidate: tests if this stack is empty .

Sample 11792:
Reference: update access and modification time .
Candidate: expert <UNK> method for read business object before parsing read .

Sample 11793:
Reference: list selected monitor by its id .
Candidate: list selected monitor by its id .

Sample 11794:
Reference: check if the model is dirty
Candidate: check the cursor to true

Sample 11795:
Reference: client id used for accessing the namespace
Candidate: client id used for accessing the namespace

Sample 11796:
Reference: checks is the request authentication is enabled .
Candidate: indicates if the request credentials is enabled for the request or not .

Sample 11797:
Reference: read a bit short in be
Candidate: reads a little endian bit in the input stream .

Sample 11798:
Reference: define the onlongclicklistener which will be used for a single item
Candidate: define the onlongclicklistener which will be used for a single item

Sample 11799:
Reference: initiates a scan for all known barcode types .
Candidate: initiates a scan for all known barcode types .

Sample 11800:
Reference: does an orthogonal layout operation on the graph .
Candidate: evaluates the graph loading operation .

Sample 11801:
Reference: adds new child to the list of execution children .
Candidate: adds a new fault listener to the <UNK> list .

Sample 11802:
Reference: adds the steps necessary for changing the virtual array of one or more volumes of a given technology block rp vplex etc .
Candidate: adds a <UNK> steps to the one of more volumes that can be recalculated as a technology block .

Sample 11803:
Reference: this method specifies requested method is patch or not .
Candidate: check whether an requested method is a patch or request .

Sample 11804:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11805:
Reference: an abstractautomaton instance uses this method to notify interested parties that it s gone around it s handle loop again .
Candidate: called after an entry of this request to continue to notify caller that it s part of the caller .

Sample 11806:
Reference: verifies the security context has a valid trust
Candidate: verify if the certificate is exists in a directory .

Sample 11807:
Reference: clear the event list of all listeners
Candidate: count the event events of the event stream so that the sum of the event cells .

Sample 11808:
Reference: called when an exception occurs during a dispatch .
Candidate: called when an action is detected during the developer .

Sample 11809:
Reference: creates a relation type relationtypesupport object with given role infos provided by the roleinfo objects and adds it in the relation service .
Candidate: creates a relation type relationtypesupport object with given role infos provided by the roleinfo objects and adds it in the relation service .

Sample 11810:
Reference: creates an intent adds location data to it as an extra and starts the intent service for fetching an address .
Candidate: creates an intent as location to see if the starts starts intent starts intent .

Sample 11811:
Reference: adds a node to the path .
Candidate: add the single unit unit points to the unit c .

Sample 11812:
Reference: returns true if this region does not distribute its operations to other members .
Candidate: indicates whether this is is not active .

Sample 11813:
Reference: create an instance of x issuerserialtype
Candidate: create an instance of x issuerserialtype

Sample 11814:
Reference: notification that a session id has been changed .
Candidate: called when a session id has changed .

Sample 11815:
Reference: edit text has activity
Candidate: checks to the activity if the activity has detected activity

Sample 11816:
Reference: called by subclasses to check if all extensions are initialized .
Candidate: called by subclasses to check if all extensions are initialized .

Sample 11817:
Reference: limits the drawing on the x axis
Candidate: limits the drawing on the x axis

Sample 11818:
Reference: installs an application on the device .
Candidate: installs an application on the device .

Sample 11819:
Reference: remove the specified uri image cache .
Candidate: remove the specified uri image cache .

Sample 11820:
Reference: attaches the given value to the context .
Candidate: saves a in key context for the key and also if it is not already in the context .

Sample 11821:
Reference: encode the suffix for the entire buffer .
Candidate: encode the suffix for the entire buffer .

Sample 11822:
Reference: small helper function that creates a padded label .
Candidate: creates label for a label .

Sample 11823:
Reference: if a view is currently pressed then unpress it
Candidate: if a view is currently pressed then unpress it

Sample 11824:
Reference: create a session for the given user .
Candidate: create a session for the given user .

Sample 11825:
Reference: evaluate the multiplication of parameters .
Candidate: evaluate the multiplication of parameters .

Sample 11826:
Reference: access the code from within the our own code so that a subclass can override it .
Candidate: gets the <UNK> list of faces to a <UNK> of the xml locator .

Sample 11827:
Reference: make sure the added removed giveaways are inserted at the correct position .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to to the <UNK> list .

Sample 11828:
Reference: droid serif bold font face
Candidate: droid serif bold font face

Sample 11829:
Reference: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name or structural class oid .
Candidate: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name or not .

Sample 11830:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11831:
Reference: example of simple request you do not check already loaded data and loading status
Candidate: example of simple request you do not check already loaded data loading status .

Sample 11832:
Reference: clear the ignored view list
Candidate: clear the ignored view list

Sample 11833:
Reference: return true if any loop contains the given loop .
Candidate: check if the loop is already in the <UNK> loop for the <UNK> loop .

Sample 11834:
Reference: returns true if the attribute is numerical .
Candidate: indicates if the column is nominal for for both .

Sample 11835:
Reference: connect to data source .
Candidate: connect to the data source .

Sample 11836:
Reference: returns a string representation of this instance .
Candidate: devuelve los valores de la instancia en una cadena de caracteres .

Sample 11837:
Reference: return a string representation of just the main value of this label .
Candidate: get the current value .

Sample 11838:
Reference: logs an information message using the logger of this interpreter logger level fine .
Candidate: logs an information message using the logger of this interpreter logger .

Sample 11839:
Reference: check if the expression is equal to its default static value
Candidate: check if the expression is equal to its default static value

Sample 11840:
Reference: checks two servicepermission objects for equality .
Candidate: checks two servicepermission objects for equality .

Sample 11841:
Reference: reset the paint variable
Candidate: resets the paint object to any cached values .

Sample 11842:
Reference: called when the user taps on the play all or shuffle all action button .
Candidate: plays the songs list . when teleporting to the mediaplayer .

Sample 11843:
Reference: starts the first sample timer
Candidate: starts the first sample timer

Sample 11844:
Reference: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .
Candidate: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .

Sample 11845:
Reference: creates the children of the node .
Candidate: creates a child that will database to the actual internal data .

Sample 11846:
Reference: returns an array containing the string names in this object .
Candidate: returns an array containing the string names in this object .

Sample 11847:
Reference: true if c is iso latin characters no wild
Candidate: returns true if the given character is a valid amp <UNK> surrogate pair .

Sample 11848:
Reference: initializes the list if needed .
Candidate: initializes the list if needed .

Sample 11849:
Reference: returns an immutable table containing a single cell .
Candidate: returns an immutable table containing a single cell .

Sample 11850:
Reference: subtracts a real number from this complex number .
Candidate: subtracts a real number from this complex number .

Sample 11851:
Reference: sets the value of this flag .
Candidate: accept the given value if <UNK> .

Sample 11852:
Reference: called when the user selects the help contents menu item .
Candidate: called when the user selects the help contents menu item .

Sample 11853:
Reference: runs the classifier with the given options
Candidate: main method by testing this class .

Sample 11854:
Reference: marks key as unlocked .
Candidate: marks key as unlocked .

Sample 11855:
Reference: finish adding all instances of this field to the current document .
Candidate: finishes the <UNK> and instance all the fields that were written by this activity .

Sample 11856:
Reference: log a error message with a throwable .
Candidate: log a error message with a throwable .

Sample 11857:
Reference: logs the user in with the requested publish permissions .
Candidate: logs the user in with the requested publish permissions .

Sample 11858:
Reference: the day gets scaled to fit in to the scale mark
Candidate: checks if the given date is the same times and the given day .

Sample 11859:
Reference: starts jetty from ide in expanded source code mode .
Candidate: launches the <UNK> to create a new file .

Sample 11860:
Reference: reconstitutes the instance from a stream that is deserializes it .
Candidate: reconstitutes the instance from a stream that is deserializes it .

Sample 11861:
Reference: receive notification of ignorable whitespace in element content .
Candidate: receive notification of ignorable whitespace in element content .

Sample 11862:
Reference: returns true if the command should be dropped for the given command id and address
Candidate: check whether a portion of the given <UNK> command should be called .

Sample 11863:
Reference: convert screen to source x coordinate .
Candidate: convert screen to source x coordinate .

Sample 11864:
Reference: construct a new packet from data previously submitted to the repacketizer br state via opus repacketizer cat . br
Candidate: construct a new packet from data previously submitted to the repacketizer br state via opus repacketizer cat . br

Sample 11865:
Reference: return statement status information .
Candidate: return statement status information .

Sample 11866:
Reference: adds max method to iterator objects .
Candidate: selects the maximum value found from a iterator .

Sample 11867:
Reference: returns a constant set hash ordered holding the elements from the specified collection .
Candidate: returns a constant set hash ordered holding the specified elements .

Sample 11868:
Reference: this will match name code of all countries of list against the country s name code .
Candidate: check if the is the active country in order to be included in the list .

Sample 11869:
Reference: get an optional string associated with a key .
Candidate: get an optional string associated with a key .

Sample 11870:
Reference: called by the thread after exiting the idle state .
Candidate: called when the user selects the thread after closing the current thread .

Sample 11871:
Reference: parses the given string literal to the correct type of the property .
Candidate: called to convert a ast node

Sample 11872:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 11873:
Reference: send an before text change event to child listeners
Candidate: send an before text change event to child listeners

Sample 11874:
Reference: this function adds a register to the set of read registers .
Candidate: adds a java field to the list of <UNK> words .

Sample 11875:
Reference: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .
Candidate: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .

Sample 11876:
Reference: inserts the specified text bypassing the documentfilter .
Candidate: inserts the specified text bypassing the documentfilter .

Sample 11877:
Reference: receive new and old events from a stream .
Candidate: called for each code to a single stream .

Sample 11878:
Reference: called when all the contact lists including the block list and contacts have been loaded from the server .
Candidate: called when the user selects all contacts in the

Sample 11879:
Reference: log a config message .
Candidate: log a config message .

Sample 11880:
Reference: a query that matches documents matching boolean combinations of other queries .
Candidate: should only should return the result of this query .

Sample 11881:
Reference: read major and minor version of compiler which created the file .
Candidate: reads version of the current file .

Sample 11882:
Reference: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 11883:
Reference: gets if the node is scrollable .
Candidate: gets if this node is scrollable .

Sample 11884:
Reference: returns the number of elements this vector can hold without growing .
Candidate: returns the number of elements this vector can hold without growing .

Sample 11885:
Reference: check if the result is empty for sure .
Candidate: check if the result is empty for sure .

Sample 11886:
Reference: returns the index of the first occurrence of this pattern in the given character array .
Candidate: returns the index of the first occurrence of the given character array .

Sample 11887:
Reference: description of the video .
Candidate: url for the video video .

Sample 11888:
Reference: starts the reset expired jobs thread
Candidate: starts the case expired jobs to be expired and prepares the broker .

Sample 11889:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11890:
Reference: compare the collection of object arrays and using property names for messages against expected values .
Candidate: compare the objects in an actual arrays of actual collection arrays .

Sample 11891:
Reference: source code to type keys .
Candidate: returns the type code identifying the type .

Sample 11892:
Reference: clears the value of the sex field .
Candidate: clears the name of the field field .

Sample 11893:
Reference: puts all the given properties into this map .
Candidate: put all existing entries from the given collection .

Sample 11894:
Reference: runs the test case .
Candidate: runs the test case .

Sample 11895:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 11896:
Reference: this click handler method deletes contacts from the contactscontentprovider .
Candidate: this handler is called by delete the view to delete any existing .

Sample 11897:
Reference: invoice line charge .
Candidate: refresh the single string <UNK> on the proxy is <UNK> changed .

Sample 11898:
Reference: creates a new eventid recordbuilder by copying an existing eventid instance
Candidate: creates a new eventid recordbuilder by copying an existing one

Sample 11899:
Reference: subscribes the partially specified observer to the specified workflow .
Candidate: subscribes the partially specified observer to the specified workflow .

Sample 11900:
Reference: returns inner value if present otherwise returns value produced by supplier function .
Candidate: returns and returns a value present returns the result of a other value

Sample 11901:
Reference: adds event of the job start .
Candidate: adds event for the event to start job .

Sample 11902:
Reference: returns the cpu time used by a thread if possible .
Candidate: returns the system wide time value and returns the current thread .

Sample 11903:
Reference: sets the certificate file .
Candidate: return the port name including the director value .

Sample 11904:
Reference: is the current object set ?
Candidate: returns true if the object object is active

Sample 11905:
Reference: pushes an int onto the top of this stack .
Candidate: pushes an int onto the top of this stack .

Sample 11906:
Reference: returns true if the controller is moving the measure shape as a whole .
Candidate: gets whether the drawer or or one .

Sample 11907:
Reference: gets the value of the modify property .
Candidate: gets the value of the modify property .

Sample 11908:
Reference: returns whether the number of threads represent a multi threaded setup .
Candidate: convenience method to check if the thread is a retry <UNK> method

Sample 11909:
Reference: returns true if this instance accepts vertices with no outgoing edges and false otherwise .
Candidate: returns whether if vertex should be appended to a remote node .

Sample 11910:
Reference: adds a generic sort builder .
Candidate: adds a generic sort builder .

Sample 11911:
Reference: true if underflow status flag is set
Candidate: determines if the <UNK> should be <UNK> to a <UNK> amp error .

Sample 11912:
Reference: get entry in the server transaction pending ack table corresponding to an ack .
Candidate: get entry in the server transaction pending ack table corresponding to an ack .

Sample 11913:
Reference: convert a list of integers to an int
Candidate: converts an array of integers to a list of integers .

Sample 11914:
Reference: this is currently selected ?
Candidate: this is currently selected ?

Sample 11915:
Reference: adds a global variable
Candidate: adds a global variable

Sample 11916:
Reference: round the provided x value down by encoding it decrementing it and unencoding it .
Candidate: round the provided x value up to incrementing it and unencoding it .

Sample 11917:
Reference: this defers a notifydatasetchanged on the pending remoteviewsadapter if it has not connected yet .
Candidate: this defers a notifydatasetchanged on the pending remoteviewsadapter if it has not connected yet .

Sample 11918:
Reference: starts the next activity .
Candidate: method to be called when the success or more to show the new room .

Sample 11919:
Reference: perform cleanup after closing .
Candidate: perform cleanup after closing .

Sample 11920:
Reference: add an item view at the given index .
Candidate: add an item view at the given index .

Sample 11921:
Reference: reads a byte of data .
Candidate: reads a byte of data .

Sample 11922:
Reference: return whether the item can currently display a check mark .
Candidate: return whether the item can currently display a check mark .

Sample 11923:
Reference: return the node at the top of the stack without popping the stack .
Candidate: return the node at the top of the stack without popping the stack .

Sample 11924:
Reference: create read only statement
Candidate: a statement usage database object

Sample 11925:
Reference: query tracker data filtering by given tag .
Candidate: get a cursor request with the specified value .

Sample 11926:
Reference: registering internal listener for binding updates
Candidate: registers this listener for binding updates

Sample 11927:
Reference: arguments here should match performprotectionoperation except for task .
Candidate: performs a workflow method of <UNK> method .

Sample 11928:
Reference: requests attention from user .
Candidate: requests the compiler to use in the <UNK> room .

Sample 11929:
Reference: returns the tip text for this property
Candidate: returns the tip text for this property .

Sample 11930:
Reference: computes the quantile values of the given dataset .
Candidate: computes the quantile values of the given dataset .

Sample 11931:
Reference: removes a debugger listener from the debugger .
Candidate: removes a listener object from the debugger .

Sample 11932:
Reference: returns the number of elements in the iteration .
Candidate: returns the number of elements in the iteration .

Sample 11933:
Reference: not accurate for large values .
Candidate: normalizes the doubles in degrees function to use .

Sample 11934:
Reference: read data to byte buffer from source with current offset .
Candidate: read the byte of byte array .

Sample 11935:
Reference: called when the end of a media source is reached during playback .
Candidate: called when the end of a media source is reached during playback .

Sample 11936:
Reference: returns a wrapper on the specified map which synchronizes all access to the map .
Candidate: returns a wrapper on the specified map which synchronizes all access to the map .

Sample 11937:
Reference: adds the object to the history .
Candidate: adds the specified text to the history .

Sample 11938:
Reference: this method is called when executing this application from the command line .
Candidate: called when executing the <UNK> .

Sample 11939:
Reference: creates a cache for users .
Candidate: creates a cache for users .

Sample 11940:
Reference: this method should never be called .
Candidate: performs an operation .

Sample 11941:
Reference: computes the distance between colors .
Candidate: gets the distance in the given color in the logical range .

Sample 11942:
Reference: create a omellipse positioned with a lat lon center and x y axis .
Candidate: write an item at a certain radius at x y axis .

Sample 11943:
Reference: returns a reference to the reference counted object .
Candidate: returns an reference reference to a reference state .

Sample 11944:
Reference: called once the local description is ready to be sent to the peer .
Candidate: callback fired once local is is local and set .

Sample 11945:
Reference: action listener data binding
Candidate: data binding to mtable

Sample 11946:
Reference: an ndef message was read and parsed
Candidate: called when the the message is received from the <UNK> .

Sample 11947:
Reference: visits a type instruction .
Candidate: visits a type instruction .

Sample 11948:
Reference: adds the node to list of neighbours unless it is already there or neighbour is this node
Candidate: add a node node to the tree node

Sample 11949:
Reference: deserialize a self contained xstream with object from an xml reader .
Candidate: deserialize a object initialized an object .

Sample 11950:
Reference: adapt a sax end prefix mapping event .
Candidate: adapt a sax end prefix mapping event .

Sample 11951:
Reference: the name of the receiver object of the tree .
Candidate: sets the receiver for the entire tree object .

Sample 11952:
Reference: reads model from input stream .
Candidate: reads model from input stream .

Sample 11953:
Reference: eventually sets the field of the given object managed by this updater to the given updated value .
Candidate: eventually sets the field of the given object managed by this updater to the given updated value .

Sample 11954:
Reference: name of a function that receives a foreign object as an argument .
Candidate: method to write a custom way to be implemented in the foreign key .

Sample 11955:
Reference: returns true if field shortset is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if the short bit set is set to an error .

Sample 11956:
Reference: broadcast to mainactivity that mission has ended .
Candidate: sends a to broadcast with the <UNK> activity

Sample 11957:
Reference: returns a random integer uniformly in n .
Candidate: returns a random integer uniformly in n .

Sample 11958:
Reference: cast a char value to a long value do nothing
Candidate: cast a char value to a long value do nothing

Sample 11959:
Reference: notifies observers about data changing
Candidate: notifies observers about data changing

Sample 11960:
Reference: flushes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object .
Candidate: flushes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object .

Sample 11961:
Reference: a new window has been focused .
Candidate: this method is called when the focus state changed from <UNK> .

Sample 11962:
Reference: starts listening for connections .
Candidate: starts server without testing .

Sample 11963:
Reference: a variant of subregions that does not perform a readiness check
Candidate: return <UNK> set indicating <UNK> for the <UNK> .

Sample 11964:
Reference: sends the end event .
Candidate: since last attempt and returns the same exceptions as any .

Sample 11965:
Reference: perform actions after node expanding in project explorer .
Candidate: perform actions when node expanded in project explorer .

Sample 11966:
Reference: bitmap of all required prior requirements and current requirement
Candidate: returns the current dependent depth of this method .

Sample 11967:
Reference: gets the index of this item as a string suitable for including in annotations .
Candidate: return the index of a string in hexadecimal where i . e .

Sample 11968:
Reference: converts a segment into a string .
Candidate: converts a segment into a string .

Sample 11969:
Reference: tell if two objects are functionally equal .
Candidate: tell if two objects are functionally equal .

Sample 11970:
Reference: creates a new blockchainscore by subtracting the given value from this score .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> by subtracting the given value to this score .

Sample 11971:
Reference: combine this and that with a not operator to create a new t containing elements present in this but not in that .
Candidate: check if this object is a .

Sample 11972:
Reference: returns true if this event has been handled .
Candidate: gets whether if the sound is already playing a <UNK> .

Sample 11973:
Reference: writes the closing of the class definition
Candidate: writes the last interface to the <UNK> of .

Sample 11974:
Reference: create usergroup objects and fills the fields with the corresponding data from the pos .
Candidate: converts a user object to a <UNK> of the populating data from the reverse data .

Sample 11975:
Reference: used to skip teleportplayer delay when teleporting someone to a location or player .
Candidate: used to skip <UNK> delay when teleporting someone to a location or player .

Sample 11976:
Reference: run on this reactor s thread as soon as you can .
Candidate: make a runnable for the specified runnable has scheduled to be executed .

Sample 11977:
Reference: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .
Candidate: provide a non fatal notification unless suppressed by the nowarn option .

Sample 11978:
Reference: visits a primitive value of the annotation .
Candidate: visits a primitive value of the annotation .

Sample 11979:
Reference: checks if value is a valid digest
Candidate: check if the given value is a raw string .

Sample 11980:
Reference: returns the current activation group s identifier .
Candidate: returns the current activation group s identifier .

Sample 11981:
Reference: bitwise and together two numbers .
Candidate: logical and returns the two numbers of two numbers .

Sample 11982:
Reference: convenience method for inserting a row into the database .
Candidate: convenience method for inserting a row into the database .

Sample 11983:
Reference: pop a value from a list push it to another list and return it or block until one is available
Candidate: pop a value from a string push it to another list and return it or block until one is available .

Sample 11984:
Reference: creates an httpdocument if path starts with http or https creates a filedocument otherwise .
Candidate: creates a new instance .

Sample 11985:
Reference: returns the name of this thread .
Candidate: returns the name of the value .

Sample 11986:
Reference: remove all and their listeners
Candidate: removes all the entries in this list .

Sample 11987:
Reference: quality test text x dvi wins
Candidate: quality test text x <UNK> wins

Sample 11988:
Reference: this method is used by burp when the user starts an intruder attack that uses this payload generator .
Candidate: this method is used by burp when the user starts an intruder attack that uses this payload generator .

Sample 11989:
Reference: searches for the first occurence of the given argument beginning the search at index and testing for equality using the equals method .
Candidate: searches for the first occurence of the given argument beginning the search at index and testing for equality using the equals method .

Sample 11990:
Reference: return an unmodifiable set distributedmember of the bridge servers in this system .
Candidate: returns a set of currently attached listener to the cache of this thread .

Sample 11991:
Reference: returns ten to the power of n
Candidate: return the power power for the given int .

Sample 11992:
Reference: gets metadata for provided class name .
Candidate: gets type information for provided type name .

Sample 11993:
Reference: the description of the plugin .
Candidate: returns a short description of this filter

Sample 11994:
Reference: checks if is force first adapter .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> should be charged for rendering .

Sample 11995:
Reference: greater or equals between expression results .
Candidate: greater or equal equal expression .

Sample 11996:
Reference: create a new regular expression specification for a property using a named variable .
Candidate: create a new regular expression specification for a property .

Sample 11997:
Reference: determines if the steps that are previous to the given one are completed
Candidate: we don t know if the completed step

Sample 11998:
Reference: invoked after a set exception settings reply was received from the debug client .
Candidate: invoked after a set debugger reply was received from the debug client .

Sample 11999:
Reference: returns true if the character at index is a literal that is not editable .
Candidate: returns true if the character at index is a that editable that is not editable .

Sample 12000:
Reference: method to compute the sign of a double .
Candidate: converts the <UNK> to to <UNK> to an new <UNK> in order .

Sample 12001:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 12002:
Reference: removes text label for the specified y axis value .
Candidate: removes text label for the specified y axis value .

Sample 12003:
Reference: obtains the next header from this iteration .
Candidate: obtains the next header from this iteration .

Sample 12004:
Reference: returns true if siblings list is dynamic i . e .
Candidate: returns whether the backend is a reference to the distributed system .

Sample 12005:
Reference: consumes the next token from the json stream and asserts that it is the end of the current object .
Candidate: consumes the end from the xml stream and asserts that it has the end of an element .

Sample 12006:
Reference: check password for a user .
Candidate: checks if the password is valid for the user .

Sample 12007:
Reference: top level error message .
Candidate: serialize an error message to the current

Sample 12008:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12009:
Reference: returns the number of settings that have values assigned .
Candidate: returns the number of settings that have values assigned .

Sample 12010:
Reference: method called when a parameter value has changed .
Candidate: method called when a parameter value has changed .

Sample 12011:
Reference: checks if the update header can be showing ?
Candidate: check if we have the given view for this navigation .

Sample 12012:
Reference: populate and prepare the query information with the query expression passed in the parameters
Candidate: does raw full query expression currently circular expression

Sample 12013:
Reference: this method can be used to issue http requests and retrieve their responses .
Candidate: this method can be used to issue http requests and retrieve their responses .

Sample 12014:
Reference: returns true if this network interface is up .
Candidate: returns true if this network interface is up .

Sample 12015:
Reference: flush the internal buffer and close the writer
Candidate: flush the internal buffer and close the writer

Sample 12016:
Reference: shows a hiliteeditor interface allowing end users to edit the data hilites currently in use by this databoundcomponent .
Candidate: shows a hiliteeditor interface allowing end users to edit the data hilites currently in use by this databoundcomponent .

Sample 12017:
Reference: replaces an existing subject with the same name by the current one at the realm .
Candidate: replaces the deployment name and the specified name at the specified subject .

Sample 12018:
Reference: cancel a request for a throttle .
Candidate: cancel a request for a throttle .

Sample 12019:
Reference: initialize rec and proj
Candidate: init the helper and proj the default model id .

Sample 12020:
Reference: this method forces us to over ride the method defined in java . io . writer
Candidate: this method forces us to over ride the method defined in java . io . writer

Sample 12021:
Reference: deletes the current record from the scan .
Candidate: this method is used to permanently delete the temporary file when it is no longer required .

Sample 12022:
Reference: traversal of index values in key order .
Candidate: method shall be called for aggregate entries .

Sample 12023:
Reference: add data source the container can take advantage of .
Candidate: adds a datasource datasource to datasource datasource .

Sample 12024:
Reference: delete advice by id
Candidate: remove a reference from the requested lookup id for the provided object

Sample 12025:
Reference: skilltarget resisted skillcaster s skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget s resistance of skillname to skillcaster . skillname .

Sample 12026:
Reference: get the data value at the specified index .
Candidate: gets the <UNK> stored at the index of the <UNK> .

Sample 12027:
Reference: removes a free shipping productpromoaction by trying to find one in the list with the same primary key .
Candidate: removes a free shipping productpromoaction by trying to find one in the list with the same primary key .

Sample 12028:
Reference: converts an arraylist bytestring to an arraylist byte .
Candidate: converts an array containing to byte list

Sample 12029:
Reference: appends another path to end of this one .
Candidate: appends the given path to a file .

Sample 12030:
Reference: tries to locate the rxjavaassemblyexception in the chain of causes of the given throwable .
Candidate: find a exception from the list which satisfies the same structured type .

Sample 12031:
Reference: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the checkout button .
Candidate: performs any actions appropriate in response to the user having pressed the checkout button .

Sample 12032:
Reference: retrieves whether a data definition statement within a transaction forces the transaction to commit .
Candidate: retrieves whether a data definition statement within a transaction forces the transaction to commit .

Sample 12033:
Reference: removes breakpoints from the target process .
Candidate: removes all breakpoints for a specific breakpoint

Sample 12034:
Reference: destroys all currently fetched ads
Candidate: destroys all currently fetched ads

Sample 12035:
Reference: lists all volumes on a svm .
Candidate: lists all volumes on a datastore .

Sample 12036:
Reference: encode this to a string .
Candidate: alias for encode above .

Sample 12037:
Reference: did the user press ok
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is not <UNK> or not .

Sample 12038:
Reference: adds rule for determining which people container the user is supposed to be in .
Candidate: adds a rule to the given people container guid .

Sample 12039:
Reference: responds to the check state variable button in the edit conditional window
Candidate: check that the event is pointing to the <UNK> table .

Sample 12040:
Reference: creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .
Candidate: creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .

Sample 12041:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: returns true if this is a variadic function like macro .

Sample 12042:
Reference: returns an enumeration of the zip file entries .
Candidate: returns an enumeration of the zip file entries .

Sample 12043:
Reference: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface
Candidate: will log warning level exceptions on logger if they occur within the interface

Sample 12044:
Reference: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .
Candidate: decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data .

Sample 12045:
Reference: validates if all the user attributes param contains the valid set of keys and values .
Candidate: validate that the user attribute is expected to validate the provided attribute set that are not set .

Sample 12046:
Reference: processes a log entry
Candidate: process the actual action an the given network id .

Sample 12047:
Reference: static init blocks get created in clinit methods in jimple
Candidate: handle the pre linked methods from a map of ion possible .

Sample 12048:
Reference: cancel all currently selected region s on the current page .
Candidate: cancel all the edit that is not to the the moment .

Sample 12049:
Reference: performs any post modify processing required by this constraint .
Candidate: performs the modification server of the provided server managed object .

Sample 12050:
Reference: creates the image to cache .
Candidate: creates an image resource with the specified title and .

Sample 12051:
Reference: called when processing msg rcdisplay clear event
Candidate: called when a user sends all occurances when a <UNK> is null safe .

Sample 12052:
Reference: writes the given int to the current position and increases the position by .
Candidate: writes the given int to the current position and increases the position by .

Sample 12053:
Reference: this method is used to determine whether the user has modified the contents of the editor .
Candidate: this method is used to determine whether the user has modified the contents of the editor .

Sample 12054:
Reference: reads the hour forecast summary from the api response .
Candidate: parses the hour summary format for the api response .

Sample 12055:
Reference: returns the file path that a metaimage was loaded from .
Candidate: returns true if the specified object is a metaimage object .

Sample 12056:
Reference: registers the given observer to begin receiving notifications when undoable edits are made to the document .
Candidate: registers the given observer to begin receiving notifications when undoable edits are made to the document .

Sample 12057:
Reference: returns the antialiasing flag value .
Candidate: returns the antialiasing flag value .

Sample 12058:
Reference: register an rpc blocking service implementation on this server .
Candidate: provide an rpc blocking implementation writes provided <UNK> service .

Sample 12059:
Reference: returns whether the widget has enabled scrolling on the refreshable view while refreshing .
Candidate: returns whether the widget has enabled scrolling on the refreshable view while refreshing .

Sample 12060:
Reference: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration
Candidate: smooth scroll to position using the specific duration

Sample 12061:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12062:
Reference: deal with the key in the switch construct
Candidate: process the <UNK> to handle the given key and <UNK>

Sample 12063:
Reference: writes a boolean to the target stream .
Candidate: writes a boolean to the target stream .

Sample 12064:
Reference: add a vector to the instance .
Candidate: add a vector to the instance .

Sample 12065:
Reference: add an annotation to the jcas index notifying uimamonitor of the fact we have done so
Candidate: add an annotation to the jcas index notifying uimamonitor of the fact we have done so

Sample 12066:
Reference: pushes a debug rectangle that will be drawn .
Candidate: push a specified rectangle in the top of the <UNK> .

Sample 12067:
Reference: removes a static group that is assigned to the user .
Candidate: removes a static group that is assigned to the user .

Sample 12068:
Reference: this method is called by the framework after opening the screen to apply user settings to all components .
Candidate: called when <UNK> in settings object .

Sample 12069:
Reference: shift the sting to the rest of the string the part of the original string that is after the part of the string this instance currently represents .
Candidate: reset rest to the first .

Sample 12070:
Reference: sends a message containing only the what value to be delivered at a specific time .
Candidate: sends a message containing only the what value to be delivered at a specific time .

Sample 12071:
Reference: add an array of traits to the list keying each with its respective name
Candidate: add a single to the operator keyed by its key

Sample 12072:
Reference: returns a new keep alive request builder .
Candidate: returns a keep alive request builder .

Sample 12073:
Reference: a bifunction capable of retrying on failure using an exponential backoff strategy
Candidate: a bifunction capable of retrying on failure using an exponential backoff strategy

Sample 12074:
Reference: used internally for adding view .
Candidate: used internally for adding view .

Sample 12075:
Reference: isday returns true if string s is a valid day number between and .
Candidate: isday returns true if string s is a valid day number between and .

Sample 12076:
Reference: finds all generators by the specific generator service key
Candidate: find the <UNK> generator for the given key .

Sample 12077:
Reference: used to determine if there are any load restrictions at this location .
Candidate: determines if the iterator is any loaded location for this location .

Sample 12078:
Reference: request a tool tip be shown .
Candidate: request a tool tip be shown .

Sample 12079:
Reference: add a local temporary index to this session .
Candidate: add a local temporary index to this session .

Sample 12080:
Reference: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the start .
Candidate: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the start .

Sample 12081:
Reference: using the java introspector class the method returns the property descriptors obtained through introspection .
Candidate: given a look for its given class .

Sample 12082:
Reference: gets the size of the collection
Candidate: gets the size of the collection

Sample 12083:
Reference: writes padding to the fontdata .
Candidate: writes padding bytes to the fontdata .

Sample 12084:
Reference: compare two strings for less than .
Candidate: compare two strings for greater than .

Sample 12085:
Reference: retrieve the permission associated with an operation or null if there is not one .
Candidate: converts a user op to the specified permission value .

Sample 12086:
Reference: scale a value to between and .
Candidate: scale a value to between and .

Sample 12087:
Reference: returns true if repository should be verified after creation
Candidate: verify if the indicating that can be be able to verify the raw value .

Sample 12088:
Reference: remove the given debug configuration .
Candidate: removes config configuration from

Sample 12089:
Reference: verifies that the field is a field of this message .
Candidate: verifies that the field is a field of this message .

Sample 12090:
Reference: audita el evento producido por la aplicacion
Candidate: creates a audit query is listed in the list .

Sample 12091:
Reference: loads a float from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: loads a float from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 12092:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates a block block with the block blocks in the cfg .

Sample 12093:
Reference: adds a precondition to this input port .
Candidate: add a list to <UNK> to this slab .

Sample 12094:
Reference: reconstructs object on unmarshalling .
Candidate: ensures that serialization after the <UNK> .

Sample 12095:
Reference: for each token in a string separated by the specified separator execute the specified stringprocedure by calling the valueofstring method .
Candidate: iterate over a token string using the passed <UNK> string and then up a token .

Sample 12096:
Reference: check if we are writing encrypted data .
Candidate: check if we are writing encrypted data .

Sample 12097:
Reference: infrastructure use only .
Candidate: utility method to find the path object from the specified path path and against the base path .

Sample 12098:
Reference: configures a route corresponding to http post method
Candidate: configures a route using a http method

Sample 12099:
Reference: tests whether item is contained by range
Candidate: tests whether item is contained by range

Sample 12100:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found .

Sample 12101:
Reference: cast result object to a number .
Candidate: cast result object to a number .

Sample 12102:
Reference: given a bit index return a unit that masks that bit in its unit .
Candidate: given a bit within a unit that masks that bit in its unit .

Sample 12103:
Reference: checks whether the service name denotes it is a response message .
Candidate: determines if the service is a message to be sent instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 12104:
Reference: the capacity of the backing hard reference queue .
Candidate: return the capacity of the backing buffer . .

Sample 12105:
Reference: convert pos tag to jwi pos instance
Candidate: convert the supplied vector to a of of speech data .

Sample 12106:
Reference: let s us know the screen was turned on .
Candidate: called when the offset turned on the screen .

Sample 12107:
Reference: main method attribute class definition associated with given class symbol .
Candidate: main method attribute class definition associated with given class symbol .

Sample 12108:
Reference: the given building has collapsed .
Candidate: given the building building has happened on the screen .

Sample 12109:
Reference: adds the mappings from from to to .
Candidate: copies the attributes to a different set of <UNK> to its stuff .

Sample 12110:
Reference: make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject .
Candidate: make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject .

Sample 12111:
Reference: cancels all requests in this queue for which the given filter applies .
Candidate: cancels all requests in this queue for which the given filter applies .

Sample 12112:
Reference: call a method of an object .
Candidate: called a function of a single object .

Sample 12113:
Reference: sets the date that the recurrence stops .
Candidate: sets the date that the date stops .

Sample 12114:
Reference: helper for non writer usage .
Candidate: helper for non writer usage .

Sample 12115:
Reference: logs the exception as an error by default but this method may be overridden by subclasses .
Candidate: logs the exception as an error by default but this method may be overridden by subclasses .

Sample 12116:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12117:
Reference: delete the user passed in .
Candidate: deletes a user user the the user and the password .

Sample 12118:
Reference: unconditionally destroys all created pools that are in this manager .
Candidate: closes the region region with the given region .

Sample 12119:
Reference: indicates whether this task is the root node
Candidate: indicates whether this task is the root node

Sample 12120:
Reference: get an iterator over all nodes in the graph .
Candidate: get an iterator over all nodes in the graph .

Sample 12121:
Reference: reads a single graph object if one is available .
Candidate: read in a graph .

Sample 12122:
Reference: callback to profile ie log one sql statement with its estimated execution time .
Candidate: callback to profile ie log one sql statement with its estimated execution time .

Sample 12123:
Reference: called when currently edited command has been saved .
Candidate: called when save is is save

Sample 12124:
Reference: animation card down method
Candidate: animation card for method s method

Sample 12125:
Reference: gets the value of the repeat property .
Candidate: gets the value of the repeat property .

Sample 12126:
Reference: adds an attribute to the entire string .
Candidate: adds an attribute to the entire string .

Sample 12127:
Reference: sets the max number of digits .
Candidate: sets the min number of digits which to be parsed .

Sample 12128:
Reference: returns the orthodromic distance great circle distance between both vertices .
Candidate: return the length of this vector .

Sample 12129:
Reference: creates a new blockheight by adding one to this height .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> height by subtracting one height and height .

Sample 12130:
Reference: a small static helper to set the image from the imageholder nullsave to the imageview and hide the view if no image was set
Candidate: a small static helper to set the image from the imageholder nullsave to the imageview and hide the view if no image was set

Sample 12131:
Reference: writes the default serializable field value for this instance followed by the item s service id encoded as specified by the serviceid . writebytes method .
Candidate: writes the the fields to the specified output stream .

Sample 12132:
Reference: the method will executed when the top bar center title clicked
Candidate: the method will executed when the top bar center title clicked

Sample 12133:
Reference: checks a type variable signature .
Candidate: checks a type variable signature .

Sample 12134:
Reference: supply a mapper module for serialization deserialization .
Candidate: supply a mapper module for serialization deserialization .

Sample 12135:
Reference: notify the service of disconnection from a server updates the status bar notification
Candidate: notify the server with a server to notify server .

Sample 12136:
Reference: log a message specifying source class and method with an array of object arguments if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .
Candidate: log a message specifying source class and method with an array of object arguments if the logger is currently enabled for the given message level .

Sample 12137:
Reference: returns a funnel for longs .
Candidate: returns a funnel for longs .

Sample 12138:
Reference: if current url is ssh .
Candidate: if current url is ssh .

Sample 12139:
Reference: start a dsl session for a defined output stream and default parameters .
Candidate: start a dsl session for default parameters and inside byte array stream with defined start .

Sample 12140:
Reference: increases the count of sales for the given item
Candidate: increases the quantity of an item while the given item

Sample 12141:
Reference: creates an unmodifiable view of the given print request attribute set .
Candidate: creates an unmodifiable view of the given print request attribute set .

Sample 12142:
Reference: internal routine to notify failed throttle request a timeout
Candidate: stop the socks server .

Sample 12143:
Reference: adds all internal lookups .
Candidate: creates a new <UNK> between the quotes but not <UNK> to a new symbol name .

Sample 12144:
Reference: remove a specific mode from the list of modes .
Candidate: if there is the <UNK> mode to the list .

Sample 12145:
Reference: set new bloat control function
Candidate: add a <UNK> to to the <UNK> flow functions

Sample 12146:
Reference: initialize the hierarchy mapping
Candidate: initialize the hierarchy mapping

Sample 12147:
Reference: converts true to and false to .
Candidate: converts the value to a boolean value .

Sample 12148:
Reference: handle end of file .
Candidate: handle end of file .

Sample 12149:
Reference: constructs a geexpr expr expr grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a geexpr immediate immediate grammar chunk .

Sample 12150:
Reference: indicates whether the text is from left to right that is both the base direction and the text direction is from left to right .
Candidate: indicates whether the text is from left to right that is both the base direction and the text direction is from left to right .

Sample 12151:
Reference: fill up the buffer with empty space and an initially empty checksum until the size is a multiple of constants . file block size .
Candidate: fill up the buffer with empty space and an initially empty checksum until the size is a multiple of constants block constants .

Sample 12152:
Reference: round a data value using the defined precision for this estimator
Candidate: round a data value using the defined precision for this estimator

Sample 12153:
Reference: overridable construction method that actually instantiates desired generator .
Candidate: overridable factory method that actually instantiates desired context object .

Sample 12154:
Reference: registers a class that can resolve a set of attributes to a java class .
Candidate: add a new member resolver to this set of attributes to a set .

Sample 12155:
Reference: coverts given booleans array to array of ints .
Candidate: coverts given booleans array to array of ints .

Sample 12156:
Reference: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .
Candidate: returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type .

Sample 12157:
Reference: optional cleanup after the test runs but sometimes its helpful to be able to see what was created in the file system .
Candidate: destroys the primary test directory .

Sample 12158:
Reference: as above but for process .
Candidate: called after the process was detached from a <UNK> container .

Sample 12159:
Reference: update the surfacetexture to the latest camera image
Candidate: updates the preview frame to reflect the preview of .

Sample 12160:
Reference: shorthand for container . enclosein new flowlayout component . left component . center cmps
Candidate: shorthand for container . enclosein new flowlayout component . center component .

Sample 12161:
Reference: skips a number of entries in the segment .
Candidate: skip a segment number of segment of the segment in the segment .

Sample 12162:
Reference: adds a new task to the priority queue .
Candidate: adds a new task to the priority queue .

Sample 12163:
Reference: final step cleanly shutdown all services and release all resources .
Candidate: shut down the data provider and releases the data .

Sample 12164:
Reference: return the current state .
Candidate: returns whether if the operation is an active state .

Sample 12165:
Reference: append a boolean value .
Candidate: append a boolean value .

Sample 12166:
Reference: wrap a recycled reference .
Candidate: return wrap the of this layer for which it is of the event type .

Sample 12167:
Reference: clear any existing session .
Candidate: clears the session marking the user changes .

Sample 12168:
Reference: adapter implementation method do not call .
Candidate: adapter implementation method do not call .

Sample 12169:
Reference: augment the type of the dependence edge .
Candidate: add a custom type type to the user .

Sample 12170:
Reference: send capture event to the usagestatistics singleton .
Candidate: notify the time to sleep for the horizontal time

Sample 12171:
Reference: gets the value of the validating property .
Candidate: gets the value of the validating property .

Sample 12172:
Reference: clears all channel assignments and terminates all audio outputs in preparation for complete shutdown or change to another mixer channel configuration
Candidate: clean the audio server channel to connection

Sample 12173:
Reference: opens the previewed image with an external application .
Candidate: opens the previewed image with an external application .

Sample 12174:
Reference: restore bottom navigation with or without animation
Candidate: restore bottom navigation with or without animation

Sample 12175:
Reference: writes out comment string .
Candidate: writes out comment string .

Sample 12176:
Reference: returns true if the element equals another element .
Candidate: returns true if the element equals another element .

Sample 12177:
Reference: updates the classifiers in the experiment
Candidate: updates the specified hash with a new identifier metadata .

Sample 12178:
Reference: creates and returns a new unparented field access expression node owned by this ast .
Candidate: create a a field access access expression to the actual field expression .

Sample 12179:
Reference: disconnect this undo redo from the text view .
Candidate: disconnect the listener from the system so that it wants to disconnect the events .

Sample 12180:
Reference: this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
Candidate: this method gets called when a bound property is changed .

Sample 12181:
Reference: droid serif regular font face
Candidate: droid serif regular font face

Sample 12182:
Reference: removes snapshot of machine .
Candidate: remove all by by id

Sample 12183:
Reference: called when a context menu item has been selected .
Candidate: called when a context menu item has been selected .

Sample 12184:
Reference: rotates the icon of the view only .
Candidate: rotate the the current animation .

Sample 12185:
Reference: loads a long from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .
Candidate: loads a long from the memory location pointed to by the current instance .

Sample 12186:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 12187:
Reference: returns the length of the requested sequence
Candidate: gets the data length of the sequence newly allocated array .

Sample 12188:
Reference: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced from a collection .
Candidate: put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced from a collection .

Sample 12189:
Reference: builds an encrypter using key derived from the provided secret name .
Candidate: creates a new key name which is the mappings in the given repository .

Sample 12190:
Reference: validates the string .
Candidate: validates the string to the object is defined

Sample 12191:
Reference: log an error that occurs while performing analysis .
Candidate: log an error message .

Sample 12192:
Reference: will retrieve the latest version available in maven central .
Candidate: retrieve a new version version for the <UNK> service .

Sample 12193:
Reference: notify listeners that state has been changed
Candidate: notify the listeners for a change event .

Sample 12194:
Reference: returns this object s value as a float .
Candidate: returns this object s value as a float .

Sample 12195:
Reference: reset the second line of notes area
Candidate: reset the second line of notes area

Sample 12196:
Reference: add a key value pair to the heap
Candidate: add a key value pair to the heap

Sample 12197:
Reference: resets all of the counts to zero .
Candidate: reset the count value and the for a new table .

Sample 12198:
Reference: called after main loop tick has been completed .
Candidate: method called when the most main sign of unit <UNK> .

Sample 12199:
Reference: resets the ui property with a value from the current look and feel .
Candidate: resets the ui property with a value from the current look and feel .

Sample 12200:
Reference: called when the transport has successfully connected and is ready for use .
Candidate: called when the transport has successfully connected and is ready for use .

Sample 12201:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 12202:
Reference: calculates the matthews correlation coefficient sometimes called phi coefficient for the supplied class
Candidate: returns the <UNK> coefficient of the class class assuming that the is indexed by the class .

Sample 12203:
Reference: write the given string without removing whitespace .
Candidate: writes specified unicode encoded string to the specified string .

Sample 12204:
Reference: marks this closeguard instance as closed to avoid warnings on finalization .
Candidate: marks this closeguard instance as closed to avoid warnings on finalization .

Sample 12205:
Reference: mark the date updated e . g .
Candidate: update the date of time for this date .

Sample 12206:
Reference: construct an inner join with a using clause .
Candidate: construct an aliased inner table on an on clause .

Sample 12207:
Reference: throws interruptedexception reinterrupts current thread or does nothing depending on mode .
Candidate: throws interruptedexception reinterrupts current thread or does nothing depending on mode .

Sample 12208:
Reference: initiate signature type by private key
Candidate: initiate signature type by private key

Sample 12209:
Reference: returns the number of bytes available for reading without blocking .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes that can be read from this socket without blocking .

Sample 12210:
Reference: registers the specified template with this template manager .
Candidate: registers the specified template with this template manager .

Sample 12211:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 12212:
Reference: inorder traversal from a subtree
Candidate: inorder traversal from a subtree

Sample 12213:
Reference: joins the string elements into a single string where the elements are joined by a specific string .
Candidate: join a collection of strings into a string .

Sample 12214:
Reference: aborts an ongoing connection attempt for a communication channel .
Candidate: forcibly connect the <UNK> to to the <UNK> so that the send packets can be sent .

Sample 12215:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12216:
Reference: stores the profile data as specified .
Candidate: saves profile and persists it and persists it to the given marketplace .

Sample 12217:
Reference: pads a string to a specified length inserting spaces on the left as required .
Candidate: pads a string to a specified length inserting spaces on the left as required .

Sample 12218:
Reference: set value of progress bar .
Candidate: set value of progress bar .

Sample 12219:
Reference: starts this service to perform action baz with the given parameters .
Candidate: starts this service to perform action baz with the given parameters .

Sample 12220:
Reference: returns a list of additional notes example specialized subjects e . t . c .
Candidate: returns the additional set of additional notes .

Sample 12221:
Reference: call by client checking whether thread is in container
Candidate: determine if the jvm is a valid instance .

Sample 12222:
Reference: creates wssecuritysignature which keyinfo elements points to an assertion which contains the signing certificate .
Candidate: creates wssecuritysignature that creates a security signature with the given name key and the signature value .

Sample 12223:
Reference: returns the imaginary part of the given complex number .
Candidate: returns the imaginary part of the given complex number .

Sample 12224:
Reference: project a relative vector from rendering space to data space .
Candidate: project a vector from the space to data space .

Sample 12225:
Reference: registers the given observer to begin receiving notifications when changes are made to the document .
Candidate: registers the given observer to begin receiving notifications when changes are made to the document .

Sample 12226:
Reference: this method is used by the codename one designer
Candidate: called to activate a lease with the same id in the provider .

Sample 12227:
Reference: encodes string value into a sequence of bytes using utf charset .
Candidate: returns the actual byte array .

Sample 12228:
Reference: refresh list view when message status change
Candidate: refresh list view when message status change

Sample 12229:
Reference: returns a node for a constant integer that s compatible to a given stamp .
Candidate: returns a node for a constant integer value .

Sample 12230:
Reference: inspects the following object .
Candidate: creates a container instance for a member of them and update them if the

Sample 12231:
Reference: registers a listener for changes of size of cache for monitored host data .
Candidate: adds a listener for receiving notifications of the preference store .

Sample 12232:
Reference: checks if is js f .
Candidate: tests if the version is the java package .

Sample 12233:
Reference: check that the supplied array of offsets as sources is long enough compared to our expectation
Candidate: check that the supplied array of offsets as sources is long enough compared to our expectation

Sample 12234:
Reference: disconnect the connection associated to a record and remove the record from connectiontable .
Candidate: disconnect from the connection if this is set to remove it .

Sample 12235:
Reference: set the value of the matrix element at column and row
Candidate: set the value of the matrix element at column and row

Sample 12236:
Reference: performs the arithmetic operation defined in sub class .
Candidate: in synchronous returns if the given operator is met in the left .

Sample 12237:
Reference: initiates consistency check transaction on a given table .
Candidate: initiates consistency check transaction on a given table .

Sample 12238:
Reference: put the value of the named int field into the persistent field .
Candidate: put the value of the named int field into the persistent field .

Sample 12239:
Reference: execute command with specified arguments .
Candidate: execute a test method .

Sample 12240:
Reference: skillcaster has inflicted num damage on you by using skillname .
Candidate: you received num damage on skilltarget by using skillname .

Sample 12241:
Reference: allows the monitor mbean to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the mbean server .
Candidate: allows the monitor mbean to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the mbean server .

Sample 12242:
Reference: returns the allocated memory size of the bytebuffer .
Candidate: size of entries s buffer

Sample 12243:
Reference: registers a handling event in the system and notifies interested parties that a cargo has been handled .
Candidate: registers a <UNK> event to the <UNK> .

Sample 12244:
Reference: used internally to log a message about the class at level fine
Candidate: sends internally fine message to the message about the class .

Sample 12245:
Reference: delegates to the service the retrieval of an object by its key .
Candidate: returns the type specific key of the annotated type .

Sample 12246:
Reference: implementation of the interface will allow the collection of statistics from the vplex system
Candidate: collect initialization from an external models to .

Sample 12247:
Reference: copies everything below the specified file .
Candidate: copies everything below the specified file .

Sample 12248:
Reference: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
Candidate: returns the text matched by the current regular expression .

Sample 12249:
Reference: construct a password protected private key from its base representation .
Candidate: just a base key key uses a to to the private key

Sample 12250:
Reference: casts a value to a xml element
Candidate: returns an in document to xml

Sample 12251:
Reference: makes all img source track and video tags have an absolute src attribute .
Candidate: make all the attributes to the specified css page .

Sample 12252:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found .

Sample 12253:
Reference: converst a level index to an unique id .
Candidate: get an index id with a bop id .

Sample 12254:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 12255:
Reference: sets the fab drawable
Candidate: sets the fab drawable

Sample 12256:
Reference: returns whether it has the year return percentage .
Candidate: returns whether if the user has a strict type bit of the second .

Sample 12257:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 12258:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12259:
Reference: return the number of children the node has .
Candidate: return the number of children the node has .

Sample 12260:
Reference: by calling this method any custom minimum value that has been previously set is reseted and the calculation is done automatically .
Candidate: by calling this method any custom minimum value that has been previously set is reseted and the calculation is done automatically .

Sample 12261:
Reference: returns true if field versions is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field versions is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 12262:
Reference: create a integer arraylist from string arraylist
Candidate: convert a string to a string array .

Sample 12263:
Reference: load the state object from specified key .
Candidate: executes a predicate and returns a key value based on a class .

Sample 12264:
Reference: returns whether the flow visualizer is active .
Candidate: gets the value of the active property .

Sample 12265:
Reference: returns the next notification .
Candidate: return the next item in the balance index or null if we are exhausted .

Sample 12266:
Reference: rename a file on the server
Candidate: returns the server if server is enabled and logs id from the server

Sample 12267:
Reference: variables that will be output by this query
Candidate: variables that will be output by this query

Sample 12268:
Reference: set locality for the stream .
Candidate: persist entire stream using operator passed .

Sample 12269:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: creates an unnamed function that will not be used instead of the argument .

Sample 12270:
Reference: write object end current line indent in .
Candidate: writes object ends current line indents in .

Sample 12271:
Reference: initialize the state .
Candidate: initializes a state change listener for the picker .

Sample 12272:
Reference: returns whether we must initialize suffixes .
Candidate: checks whether the server is enabled for the raw properties .

Sample 12273:
Reference: pushes the specified run onto the pending run stack .
Candidate: pushes the specified run onto the pending run stack .

Sample 12274:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 12275:
Reference: returns the gradient is enabled value .
Candidate: returns the gradient is enabled value .

Sample 12276:
Reference: return true if entry is schedule to be async written to disk .
Candidate: determine if the <UNK> is already committed or a disk for the disk .

Sample 12277:
Reference: tells the systemconsumer to close all connections release all resource and shut down everything .
Candidate: stops the deduplicator .

Sample 12278:
Reference: create facts the accounting logic for
Candidate: create facts the accounting logic for

Sample 12279:
Reference: collapse the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .
Candidate: collapse the sliding pane if it is currently slideable .

Sample 12280:
Reference: cancels the existing notification .
Candidate: cancels the existing notification .

Sample 12281:
Reference: resets the mediaplayer to its uninitialized state .
Candidate: resets the mediaplayer to its uninitialized state .

Sample 12282:
Reference: return a driver for a neo j instance with the default configuration settings
Candidate: return a driver for a neo j instance with the default configuration settings

Sample 12283:
Reference: callback method to perform ui related update .
Candidate: invoked when the theme has changed .

Sample 12284:
Reference: returns whether imported functions should be shown .
Candidate: returns whether the join function is be allowed in the power of .

Sample 12285:
Reference: generate to the syswrite stream a report of the time spent performing this element of the optimization plan .
Candidate: report the total number for the total to a total number of time .

Sample 12286:
Reference: skillcaster released skilltarget s spirit by using skillname .
Candidate: skilltarget s num damage by using skillname .

Sample 12287:
Reference: deselects the item in the receiver s list .
Candidate: removes the selected item from the receiver s list .

Sample 12288:
Reference: deletes the index record having the specified key and data record id .
Candidate: deletes an index record having the specified key and data record id .

Sample 12289:
Reference: this method needs to be called prior to each draw fillpath operation to ensure the clip bounds are up to date .
Candidate: this method must be called prior to each draw fillpath operation to ensure the clip bounds are up to date .

Sample 12290:
Reference: returns the size of the individual namely the number of nodes in all of its subtrees .
Candidate: calculates the number of entities in the . .

Sample 12291:
Reference: deletes the google cloud pub sub topic .
Candidate: deletes the google topic deriving from the given topic .

Sample 12292:
Reference: are null values sorted at the end regardless of sort order ?
Candidate: is this cursor mainly for sorting an <UNK> ?

Sample 12293:
Reference: called when a request fails because the requested resource is invalid or does not exist .
Candidate: called when a request fails or because the requested resource is invalid or does not exist .

Sample 12294:
Reference: gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a string using the specified encoding .
Candidate: gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a string using the specified encoding .

Sample 12295:
Reference: returns the process annotations for the given execution unit .
Candidate: retrieves the <UNK> annotations from the given process definition .

Sample 12296:
Reference: observe action result with cache .
Candidate: an successful observable that is not to be sent instead of this cluster .

Sample 12297:
Reference: logs the text with error context .
Candidate: print an error in the console .

Sample 12298:
Reference: called by the power manager to stop a dream .
Candidate: stops the current thread to stop the default state .

Sample 12299:
Reference: start a new canceler task
Candidate: start a new canceler task

Sample 12300:
Reference: adds a parameter to be used when generating the oauth signature .
Candidate: add a parameter to a http request replacing any existing value key stroke

Sample 12301:
Reference: generates the instruction to invoke a static method .
Candidate: generates the instruction to invoke a static method .

Sample 12302:
Reference: returns the identity hash code of the original referent .
Candidate: override the hashcode method in the object .

Sample 12303:
Reference: ignore cancel events for now .
Candidate: ignore cancel events for now .

Sample 12304:
Reference: initializes the child array to the correct size .
Candidate: initializes the child array to the correct size .

Sample 12305:
Reference: returns true if the limit is enabled .
Candidate: returns true if the rotational limit is enabled .

Sample 12306:
Reference: returns the replacement string which is never null or empty .
Candidate: returns the replacement string which is never null or empty .

Sample 12307:
Reference: open share text intent
Candidate: opens the manual edit message and waits for the to show a toast

Sample 12308:
Reference: cancels the execution of any ongoing fragment asynchronous task .
Candidate: cancels the execution of any ongoing fragment asynchronous task .

Sample 12309:
Reference: removes a existing subequipment with the given id .
Candidate: removes a list existing existing subequipments with the given ids .

Sample 12310:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12311:
Reference: make a package given its unqualified name and enclosing package .
Candidate: make a package given its unqualified name and enclosing package .

Sample 12312:
Reference: generate a set of ionvalues from the configuration properties that were set .
Candidate: generates the default value of the <UNK> type .

Sample 12313:
Reference: tells if executing this element has output that only depends on the template content and that has no side effects .
Candidate: indicates if this is is <UNK> for a output stream .

Sample 12314:
Reference: log an error that occurs while performing analysis .
Candidate: log an error message .

Sample 12315:
Reference: appending the equals or less than comparison clause .
Candidate: returns the given statement .

Sample 12316:
Reference: get in dispute .
Candidate: get in dispute .

Sample 12317:
Reference: create an indexschema object for a core
Candidate: create an <UNK> object for a core

Sample 12318:
Reference: returns the default cardinality
Candidate: returns the default size of the <UNK> for the total number of bytes .

Sample 12319:
Reference: determine if this set of problems includes any that are fatal .
Candidate: tells if the specified line has failed .

Sample 12320:
Reference: returns a new immutable class to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .
Candidate: returns a new immutable class to instance map containing the entries provided to this builder .

Sample 12321:
Reference: returns true if the given gcs pattern is supported otherwise fails with an exception .
Candidate: does the given declaration is a good pattern in the <UNK> ?

Sample 12322:
Reference: returns the vector of opaque values of specified length
Candidate: read into the length of opaque java .

Sample 12323:
Reference: returns a formatted value .
Candidate: get the details of the <UNK> type as a string .

Sample 12324:
Reference: rollover check at the endwindow
Candidate: check if we have the focus window to the end of the window .

Sample 12325:
Reference: add request object url params .
Candidate: add request string url params .

Sample 12326:
Reference: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .
Candidate: factory method to create a new viewdraghelper .

Sample 12327:
Reference: write json string to out .
Candidate: write json string to out .

Sample 12328:
Reference: flag a new statment has been processed
Candidate: called after the jvm is executed on the current thread .

Sample 12329:
Reference: remember this factory so later calls to logfactory . getcachedfactory can return the previously created object together with all its cached log objects .
Candidate: remember this factory so later calls to logfactory . getcachedfactory can return the previously created object together with all its cached log objects .

Sample 12330:
Reference: stops the proxy server .
Candidate: stops the current server if it is an active server .

Sample 12331:
Reference: checks whether view is top aligned
Candidate: checks if the given layout is intersects the top rectangle to its layout .

Sample 12332:
Reference: helper for saving a text to file
Candidate: save the save file to a zip file with the same name as a suffix .

Sample 12333:
Reference: generates an hmac sha key .
Candidate: generates an hmac md key .

Sample 12334:
Reference: returns true if the node identified by the path is currently expanded
Candidate: returns true if the node identified by the path is currently expanded

Sample 12335:
Reference: sets the password of this credentials
Candidate: authenticate the password keystore .

Sample 12336:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .

Sample 12337:
Reference: returns a string representation of the time period .
Candidate: compares an <UNK> to the final object of the second object .

Sample 12338:
Reference: the state of the cluster .
Candidate: retrieve state of the cluster .

Sample 12339:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12340:
Reference: adds backoff time to start time .
Candidate: returns the time zone for the specified dates and time it .

Sample 12341:
Reference: finds the last slot in the inventory containing an itemstack with the given material
Candidate: gets the last slot in the inventory containing an itemstack with the given material

Sample 12342:
Reference: returns an array of all files in the given directory matching .
Candidate: returns an array of all files in the given directory matching the given directory

Sample 12343:
Reference: send a verbose log message .
Candidate: send a verbose log message .

Sample 12344:
Reference: this method will remove the cache for a given key
Candidate: this method will remove an entry for the cache .

Sample 12345:
Reference: rescale the query radius based on the given dimensionality .
Candidate: calculate a <UNK> for the given dimension size .

Sample 12346:
Reference: returns whether the builder type should be serializable .
Candidate: checks if this is is a to serialize .

Sample 12347:
Reference: additional fields list to return
Candidate: additional fields list to return

Sample 12348:
Reference: get the type that has been computed during a speculative attribution round
Candidate: return the <UNK> type for a <UNK> method .

Sample 12349:
Reference: trigger the activation of the async thread if one is defined .
Candidate: trigger the operation releasing the <UNK> thread and if it wants to resume the thread .

Sample 12350:
Reference: does the database store tables in a local file ?
Candidate: does the database store tables in a local file ?

Sample 12351:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12352:
Reference: this method is called to execute the action that the stepinstance must perform .
Candidate: execute this context instance with the passed <UNK> that may be piped into the command .

Sample 12353:
Reference: constructs a temporary exception that will be retried .
Candidate: constructs a temporary exception that will be retried with json error .

Sample 12354:
Reference: returns the time elapsed since the beginning of the scrolling .
Candidate: returns the time elapsed since the beginning of the scrolling .

Sample 12355:
Reference: register a process to be killed when a pool dies .
Candidate: call this method to behave the jni and b .

Sample 12356:
Reference: performs a right movement action .
Candidate: performs a right movement action .

Sample 12357:
Reference: called when a login is in progress .
Candidate: called when a login is in progress .

Sample 12358:
Reference: indicates whether or not this element has an annotation with the specified annotation type including inherited annotations .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this element has an annotation with the specified annotation type including inherited annotations .

Sample 12359:
Reference: returns a new completablefuture that is asynchronously completed by a task running in the given executor after it runs the given action .
Candidate: returns a new completablefuture that is asynchronously completed by a task running in the given executor after it runs the given action .

Sample 12360:
Reference: returns the root node of the system preferences hierarchy .
Candidate: returns the system root preference node .

Sample 12361:
Reference: sets the padding mechanism of this cipher .
Candidate: sets the padding mechanism of this cipher .

Sample 12362:
Reference: returns the max allowed concurrent executions .
Candidate: return the maximum number of buckets that is sent to the <UNK> and or rs time .

Sample 12363:
Reference: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque .
Candidate: inserts the specified element at the front of this deque .

Sample 12364:
Reference: method called when data is sent to this peer .
Candidate: if this data is sent to the <UNK> room .

Sample 12365:
Reference: make an item representing a local variable .
Candidate: make an item representing a local variable .

Sample 12366:
Reference: this method returns rgba mat with frame
Candidate: this method returns rgba mat with frame

Sample 12367:
Reference: sets the engine as the default for random number generation .
Candidate: note the native memory is used to handle a <UNK> memory with an .

Sample 12368:
Reference: elimina una entidad del sistema .
Candidate: elimina la lista descriptora .

Sample 12369:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12370:
Reference: shortcut for property propertyname notequal value .
Candidate: shortcut for property propertyname and not property .

Sample 12371:
Reference: returns the vector with a length of
Candidate: performs this vector vector .

Sample 12372:
Reference: put or replace an int value .
Candidate: put or replace an int value .

Sample 12373:
Reference: ends text block pdf et operator .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> offset on the <UNK> list of images the bitmap .

Sample 12374:
Reference: adds a new text label for the specified y axis value .
Candidate: adds a new text label for the specified y axis value .

Sample 12375:
Reference: iterates over the data item of the category dataset to find the range bounds .
Candidate: iterates over the data item of the xy dataset to find the range bounds .

Sample 12376:
Reference: creates an opengraphobject suitable for posting via e . g . a native share dialog .
Candidate: creates an opengraphobject suitable for posting via e . g . a native share dialog .

Sample 12377:
Reference: creates a new event object .
Candidate: creates a new event object .

Sample 12378:
Reference: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .
Candidate: asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen .

Sample 12379:
Reference: returns an array of the names bound in the rmiregistry
Candidate: returns list of the names of the remote vm .

Sample 12380:
Reference: this method returns true if the user is authenticated to the facebook service .
Candidate: return if if this stream is authenticated . otherwise .

Sample 12381:
Reference: gets the value of the cmltvvtngindctr property .
Candidate: indicates if this <UNK> is <UNK> to be <UNK> instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 12382:
Reference: onpulldowntorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the start and released .
Candidate: onpulldowntorefresh will be called only when the user has pulled from the start and released .

Sample 12383:
Reference: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .
Candidate: called when the captured view s position changes as the result of a drag or settle .

Sample 12384:
Reference: send an error log message
Candidate: send an error log message

Sample 12385:
Reference: called when a request has finished processing .
Candidate: called when a request has finished processing .

Sample 12386:
Reference: true if the symbol represents an entity that exists .
Candidate: tests if the symbol represents an entity that exists .

Sample 12387:
Reference: visits the null type .
Candidate: visits the null type .

Sample 12388:
Reference: checks if the key exists and refers to a list value .
Candidate: checks if the given key has to a list of key .

Sample 12389:
Reference: returns the git api client .
Candidate: returns the client client for the current repository .

Sample 12390:
Reference: expose the activity to sub graphs .
Candidate: return the context to which the activity is to be .

Sample 12391:
Reference: creates a predicate which returns true if an object passed to accept method is within the range exclusive of the from and inclusive of the to value .
Candidate: creates a predicate that returns true if the most <UNK> is within the range inclusive of the from and to values .

Sample 12392:
Reference: swap swaps the elements in an arrray
Candidate: swap the two strings .

Sample 12393:
Reference: remove one tab width spaces from the start of each line .
Candidate: remove one tab width spaces from the start of each line .

Sample 12394:
Reference: subclasses should implement this method to do the actual drawing
Candidate: draw indicator what ever you want to draw

Sample 12395:
Reference: attempts to increment the given atomicinteger without exceeding the specified maximum value .
Candidate: if increment is the to count for the

Sample 12396:
Reference: shows a header row not found bubble
Candidate: shows a header row for not start bubble

Sample 12397:
Reference: removes file transfer event listener
Candidate: removes the listener transfer listener to the transfer .

Sample 12398:
Reference: indicate that the operation is complete .
Candidate: indicate that the operation is complete .

Sample 12399:
Reference: clears local cache while zk reconnect
Candidate: clear the cached applications .

Sample 12400:
Reference: adds a setting to this page .
Candidate: adds the specified time to this parser .

Sample 12401:
Reference: consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character .
Candidate: consume the next character and returns the next character .

Sample 12402:
Reference: convenience helper that checks if a given string is contained in this enum
Candidate: determines if an action is already a directory

Sample 12403:
Reference: whether an input pointer is active .
Candidate: whether an active is is active for performing a .

Sample 12404:
Reference: starts a new criteria builder with and conjunction
Candidate: starts a new criteria builder with and conjunction

Sample 12405:
Reference: adds a directed edge which is known to form part of this line .
Candidate: adds a line to a population from to a new node .

Sample 12406:
Reference: constructs a andexpr expr expr grammar chunk .
Candidate: constructs a andexpr immediate immediate grammar chunk .

Sample 12407:
Reference: operation already in progress
Candidate: get operation already in progress

Sample 12408:
Reference: map the point and return the segment index .
Candidate: locates the index of a pose to determine the first version of this contour .

Sample 12409:
Reference: returns true if the individual has improved due to the applied local search
Candidate: returns true if the is has a <UNK> for the <UNK> variables

Sample 12410:
Reference: returns the first passed string if not empty otherwise the second if not empty otherwise an empty but non null string .
Candidate: returns the first passed string if not empty otherwise the second if not empty otherwise an empty but non null string .

Sample 12411:
Reference: outputs the header for the predictions on the data .
Candidate: print the <UNK> line for header to the output .

Sample 12412:
Reference: makes potion effect produce more translucent particles .
Candidate: makes si potion effect produce more translucent particles .

Sample 12413:
Reference: called on pinch touch event .
Candidate: called on pinch touch event .

Sample 12414:
Reference: sets the title of the parent frame if one was provided
Candidate: sets the title of the parent frame if one was provided

Sample 12415:
Reference: displays a toast stating that no application could be found to open the file .
Candidate: displays a toast stating that no application could be found to open the file .

Sample 12416:
Reference: this method gets called when the device does not respond with an answer to the firmware challenge .
Candidate: this method is called when the firmware data is complete .

Sample 12417:
Reference: forwards a message to the signer .
Candidate: given the client with the given code object .

Sample 12418:
Reference: specify lower bounds of the wildcard type to build .
Candidate: specify the bounds bounds of the given type .

Sample 12419:
Reference: returns the genre for this album
Candidate: returns the height for this album this will be included in

Sample 12420:
Reference: starts steering this clears friction since this character is now controlled by the steerer .
Candidate: start the <UNK> to start fingerprint scanning

Sample 12421:
Reference: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .
Candidate: pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream .

Sample 12422:
Reference: convenience method for append byte combined with a stringbuffer of specified charset
Candidate: append the string to this bytearraybuilder .

Sample 12423:
Reference: it releases the object memory
Candidate: disposes the file by the underlying file

Sample 12424:
Reference: removes all the elements of the cache ignoring if they re dead or alive
Candidate: clear all entries from the cache .

Sample 12425:
Reference: removes and returns the first element from this pipeline .
Candidate: removes and returns the predicate from pipeline .

Sample 12426:
Reference: removes a directory on the server .
Candidate: sends the directory on the server .

Sample 12427:
Reference: create an instance of encryptionmethodtypeoaepparams
Candidate: create an instance of encryptionmethodtypeoaepparams

Sample 12428:
Reference: removes the subscribe topic
Candidate: remove the specified topic from the container

Sample 12429:
Reference: gets the value of the smartcardauthenticationenabled property .
Candidate: gets the value of the smartcardauthenticationenabled property .

Sample 12430:
Reference: loads the given url .
Candidate: loads a url into the search content view .

Sample 12431:
Reference: check if all nodes in the cluster install config is done .
Candidate: determines if the container supports auto systems number to be .

Sample 12432:
Reference: this method resets the incoming events time events included .
Candidate: this method resets the incoming events time events included .

Sample 12433:
Reference: creates and returns a new unparented type literal expression node owned by this ast .
Candidate: constructs a new concrete class literal .

Sample 12434:
Reference: initializes instance of guid with null values .
Candidate: initializes instance of guid with null values .

Sample 12435:
Reference: determines if the item is not internal .
Candidate: checks whether the given data is not null for performing a .

Sample 12436:
Reference: adds the given adaptable object to this list .
Candidate: removes the from the current name .

Sample 12437:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12438:
Reference: method with param and exception
Candidate: method with param and exception

Sample 12439:
Reference: notification fired when a facet is removed .
Candidate: notification fired when the facet definition was removed from the acquisition .

Sample 12440:
Reference: adds a new x value to the chart data .
Candidate: adds a new x value to the chart data .

Sample 12441:
Reference: scrolls down one line .
Candidate: scroll index downwards . .

Sample 12442:
Reference: remove all static elements only do once completely finished with jpedal as will not be reinitialised
Candidate: clean all static variables used to the <UNK> and disposes .

Sample 12443:
Reference: construct transient entry .
Candidate: this method entry . entry .

Sample 12444:
Reference: raw bytearray into bitmap
Candidate: convert bitmap to bitmap bitmap

Sample 12445:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 12446:
Reference: creates a link with the specified relation and uri of the remote resource along with the method of the operation .
Candidate: creates a link with the specified relation and uri of the http method .

Sample 12447:
Reference: places a cart at the specified location .
Candidate: returns an item to be placed into a grid slot .

Sample 12448:
Reference: resets all switches in the command .
Candidate: resets all switches in the command .

Sample 12449:
Reference: tests if the file can be written .
Candidate: returns true if stringwriter is a writable stream .

Sample 12450:
Reference: offset the rectangle by adding dx to its left and right coordinates and adding dy to its top and bottom coordinates .
Candidate: offset the rectangle by adding dx to its left and adding dy to its dy and adding dy to its bottom

Sample 12451:
Reference: parses an alignment string description and returns the corresponding alignment value .
Candidate: decode the default alignment of the <UNK> string .

Sample 12452:
Reference: must be invoked for uncommitted models that are no longer needed .
Candidate: disposes the robot peer when it is no longer needed .

Sample 12453:
Reference: create a new array and copy each of the values into it .
Candidate: create a new array and everything it into the form into it .

Sample 12454:
Reference: throws an application fault .
Candidate: throws an exception has been called .

Sample 12455:
Reference: prints n i . e .
Candidate: prints the current line to the user .

Sample 12456:
Reference: attempt an atomic store operation .
Candidate: attempt an atomic store operation .

Sample 12457:
Reference: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .
Candidate: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .

Sample 12458:
Reference: called when any fixture is about to be destroyed due to the destruction of its parent body .
Candidate: called when a particle is about to be called outside the query aabb .

Sample 12459:
Reference: deletes this file object .
Candidate: deletes this file if possible .

Sample 12460:
Reference: the main computation performed by this task .
Candidate: the main computation performed by this task .

Sample 12461:
Reference: triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
Candidate: triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints

Sample 12462:
Reference: calculates the variance for a binomial distribution .
Candidate: returns the variance for a binomial distribution .

Sample 12463:
Reference: determines whether or not this line should be added .
Candidate: add <UNK> element to the list of elements in the specified window .

Sample 12464:
Reference: finds a component with the given name works even with ui s that weren t created with the gui builder
Candidate: find label for the given method

Sample 12465:
Reference: skips the page by moving the iterator to the next page .
Candidate: remove a single identifier

Sample 12466:
Reference: check maintenance mode of a datastore and fail if datastore is entering maintenance mode
Candidate: check the <UNK> mode so that it is not maintenance mode for the current .

Sample 12467:
Reference: permanently delete the content with the id .
Candidate: the the content content as a reason .

Sample 12468:
Reference: writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object s base address .
Candidate: writes a byte to the specified position .

Sample 12469:
Reference: returns a string representation of this style .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this style .

Sample 12470:
Reference: virtual method floats doubles fit in both jvm and aix registers
Candidate: virtual method double fit in both aix registers and jvm register but be the last double to be saved to spill

Sample 12471:
Reference: fills dst with bytes from in throwing eofexception if insufficient bytes are available .
Candidate: fills dst with bytes from in throwing eofexception if insufficient bytes are available .

Sample 12472:
Reference: indicates whether this object represents a method call operation either static or instance .
Candidate: indicates if the current context is is the same code as is handled by this instruction .

Sample 12473:
Reference: format object json byte hex
Candidate: formats the json object json and returns the json string as a .

Sample 12474:
Reference: checks if the given argument is valid for this option .
Candidate: validator a given value .

Sample 12475:
Reference: returns whether the server is currently active .
Candidate: determines whether the alive timer is actually running and sending .

Sample 12476:
Reference: split raw csv data into seperate column using delimiter and generate surrogate key
Candidate: split raw csv data into seperate column using delimiter and generate surrogate key

Sample 12477:
Reference: adds a view to this layout before the infobar separator .
Candidate: adds a view to this layout before the infobar separator .

Sample 12478:
Reference: returns the set of types that might be thrown as a result of calling the specified method .
Candidate: returns the set of a that might be thrown as a result of calling the specified method .

Sample 12479:
Reference: append to the title element for this xhtmldocument container .
Candidate: append to the title element for this xhtmldocument container .

Sample 12480:
Reference: adds a data set element using this data set the given data element and the given category combo .
Candidate: adds the data set to the given meta data .

Sample 12481:
Reference: add an adjustment to the order don t worry about setting the orderid orderitemseqid or orderadjustmentid they will be set when the order is created
Candidate: add an adjustment to the order don t worry about setting the orderid <UNK> or <UNK> they will be set when the order is created

Sample 12482:
Reference: see the general contract of the readboolean method of datainput .
Candidate: see a boolean from the current position in this file .

Sample 12483:
Reference: checks if is a single value is legal to be overridden if necessary .
Candidate: checks if is a single value is legal to be overridden if necessary .

Sample 12484:
Reference: specifies the optional clipping rectangle .
Candidate: returns whether the <UNK> is <UNK> and not to be used .

Sample 12485:
Reference: awaits termination of the group .
Candidate: awaits termination of the group .

Sample 12486:
Reference: invalidates the provided auth token .
Candidate: invalidates the provided auth token .

Sample 12487:
Reference: to check if this progress is ready to be shown
Candidate: returns true if we should be <UNK> to a <UNK> .

Sample 12488:
Reference: save history to memento .
Candidate: saves an empty history object .

Sample 12489:
Reference: inorder traversal from the root
Candidate: inorder traversal from the root

Sample 12490:
Reference: realiza el borrado de una unidad de instalacion por su identificador .
Candidate: realiza el borrado de una unidad de instalacion .

Sample 12491:
Reference: creates a match query with type boolean for the provided field name and text .
Candidate: query the <UNK> query for the given query type .

Sample 12492:
Reference: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
Candidate: is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?

Sample 12493:
Reference: called when the touch point info changes causes a redraw .
Candidate: sets the <UNK> point for a particular user .

Sample 12494:
Reference: release any view resources .
Candidate: releases any allocated resources .

Sample 12495:
Reference: check if this device has a camera
Candidate: check if this device has a camera

Sample 12496:
Reference: checks if cache is working in jta transaction and enlist cache as xaresource if necessary .
Candidate: checks if the <UNK> is to be <UNK> and throws an exception .

Sample 12497:
Reference: unregister an existing peer .
Candidate: unregister an existing peer .

Sample 12498:
Reference: initial the function table
Candidate: initial the function table

Sample 12499:
Reference: utility for compressing an elliptic curve point .
Candidate: utility method to create a version point for an normalization point .

Sample 12500:
Reference: put a key value pair in the jsonobject .
Candidate: put a key value pair in the jsonobject .

Sample 12501:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12502:
Reference: called whenever the content s offset changes .
Candidate: called whenever the content s offset changes .

Sample 12503:
Reference: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .
Candidate: put a key long pair in the jsonobject .

Sample 12504:
Reference: asynchronous modifysubscription service request .
Candidate: asynchronous service to cancel the request .

Sample 12505:
Reference: returns the number of children of the specified medianode
Candidate: returns a new set instance that represents the specified medianode ui for the specified medianode ui .

Sample 12506:
Reference: returns the lock used for reading .
Candidate: returns the lock used for reading .

Sample 12507:
Reference: does the ux proposes automatically a sms fallback in case of chat failure .
Candidate: is true if <UNK> is a valid sip request to true if we are valid .

Sample 12508:
Reference: add a listener to statement state changes that receives statement level events .
Candidate: adds a listener to be notified of statement listener changes .

Sample 12509:
Reference: close a reader without throwing an exception .
Candidate: close a reader without throwing an exception .

Sample 12510:
Reference: create a new pooperationrecord object and fill the fields with the corresponding fields from the given domain object .
Candidate: create the hashcode that can be used as the corresponding fields from the corresponding field objects .

Sample 12511:
Reference: indicates that this consumer is now ready to receive more messages
Candidate: if a message to be called for the <UNK> of the specified consumer .

Sample 12512:
Reference: interprets a bytecode instruction with three arguments .
Candidate: interprets a bytecode instruction with three arguments .

Sample 12513:
Reference: initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .
Candidate: initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .

Sample 12514:
Reference: handle a mouse button being pressed while the mouse cursor is moving .
Candidate: handle a mouse cursor moving a window or area .

Sample 12515:
Reference: sets whether or not per event timing code should be used
Candidate: sets whether or not per event timing code should be used

Sample 12516:
Reference: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12517:
Reference: create color in database and save
Candidate: creates a color from an old color and will replace the color .

Sample 12518:
Reference: initializes the video players connection to this service including adding media playback listeners .
Candidate: initializes the video management notification to be used for loading track of the users .

Sample 12519:
Reference: removes an expiration from a key
Candidate: cancel a key saved key if all the key is canceled .

Sample 12520:
Reference: returns the hyperbolic arc tangent of the number .
Candidate: returns the hyperbolic arc tangent of the number .

Sample 12521:
Reference: the size of the list .
Candidate: indicates the number of to to this .

Sample 12522:
Reference: adjusts the x coordinate from the preview s coordinate system to the view coordinate system .
Candidate: adjusts the x coordinate from the preview s coordinate system to the view coordinate system .

Sample 12523:
Reference: add a membership listener and return other distribtionmanagerids as an atomic operation
Candidate: add a membership listener and return other distribtionmanagerids as a distributed system .

Sample 12524:
Reference: this method creates a new instance of the messagelistfragment and displays it with the filter .
Candidate: do the <UNK> to intercept the <UNK> and remembers it s views to the .

Sample 12525:
Reference: checks whether the user is an administrator of his organization .
Candidate: checks whether the user is an administrator of his organization .

Sample 12526:
Reference: tell if the table contains the given node .
Candidate: tell if the table contains the given node .

Sample 12527:
Reference: is value a date
Candidate: is if the type is a date type

Sample 12528:
Reference: returns a random number from the distribution .
Candidate: returns a random number from the distribution .

Sample 12529:
Reference: return true if this polygon a excludes i . e .
Candidate: returns true if this polygon is equal to any other of b .

Sample 12530:
Reference: performs a line start movement action .
Candidate: performs a line start movement action .

Sample 12531:
Reference: releases memory allocated for this queue .
Candidate: releases all nodes from the pool .

Sample 12532:
Reference: can we edit it
Candidate: indicates if cell filter to be selected .

Sample 12533:
Reference: states whether the config is active or not .
Candidate: indicates whether or not this hotspot is active .

Sample 12534:
Reference: create a state spec that is optimized for adding values frequently and occasionally retrieving all the values that have been added .
Candidate: create a state spec for the optimized useful for sum and and occasionally if all .

Sample 12535:
Reference: main method for testing this class .
Candidate: main method for testing this class .

Sample 12536:
Reference: path to use for classpath .
Candidate: path to use for classpath .

Sample 12537:
Reference: does a given url point to google book search regardless of domain .
Candidate: does a given url point to google book search regardless of domain .

Sample 12538:
Reference: method splitting the generated action code into several parts .
Candidate: create a view to match the twitter symbol code .

Sample 12539:
Reference: initialize and add validator
Candidate: initializes this method to perform an old server and populating it with the simplestandard the session .

Sample 12540:
Reference: build a brave instance for the given dropwizard application .
Candidate: build the <UNK> and build the configuration .

Sample 12541:
Reference: adds focus listener a with focus listener b and returns the resulting multicast listener .
Candidate: adds focus listener a with focus listener b and returns the resulting multicast listener .

Sample 12542:
Reference: continues a text selection on a particular attributedcharacteriterator using the text font metrics employed by this textpainter instance .
Candidate: returns the current selection at the current character at x y .

Sample 12543:
Reference: reset all pattern state .
Candidate: reset all pattern state .

Sample 12544:
Reference: inform tracker that a rollback has occurred cancel any pending commits
Candidate: inform tracker that a rollback has occurred cancel any pending commits

Sample 12545:
Reference: returns the identifier in upper underscore format .
Candidate: get the identifier in a non underscore identifier .

Sample 12546:
Reference: report the n th argument name .
Candidate: add a constraint to be replaced by the child or

Sample 12547:
Reference: returns an image instance for the given url .
Candidate: load an image from a load image .

Sample 12548:
Reference: remove the specified file from the local disk .
Candidate: deletes the local file file the local file .

Sample 12549:
Reference: applies the model by changing the underlying data
Candidate: this method will be called to accept the data data in the same data set .

Sample 12550:
Reference: activate the service .
Candidate: activates the menu pane if pressing the focus state .

Sample 12551:
Reference: helper method that outputs the public or protected inner members of a class .
Candidate: print the given members of a given class to the super class

Sample 12552:
Reference: shuts down this metaservice instance .
Candidate: shuts down the connection .

Sample 12553:
Reference: fired when an event for the pubsub subscription is received .
Candidate: this method is called whenever the image has been received and to the eventservice .

Sample 12554:
Reference: flushes the data written to the output stream or underlying file .
Candidate: flushes the underlying writer .

Sample 12555:
Reference: create an instance of attributetype
Candidate: create an instance of attributetype

Sample 12556:
Reference: called when a fileitem has been clicked .
Candidate: called when a fileitem has been clicked .

Sample 12557:
Reference: initiates the merging task in the background
Candidate: initiates the overlay of this image to decoding the image .

Sample 12558:
Reference: determines if a section with the given name exists
Candidate: determines whether the given file is a valid section .

Sample 12559:
Reference: modify the date range so that it fits within the given range start end .
Candidate: creates a that that contains the specified range . integers .

Sample 12560:
Reference: get the row or one of the rows with the minimum data value .
Candidate: get the row or one of the rows with the given data value .

Sample 12561:
Reference: elimina los valores para el campo especificado .
Candidate: elimina los valores para el campo especificado .

Sample 12562:
Reference: produces a new range whose boundary points are equal to the boundary points of the range .
Candidate: removes a range upper range of a range block

Sample 12563:
Reference: set top right corner radius in dip
Candidate: set corner control corner radius in dip

Sample 12564:
Reference: add the standard formatting for convering a bind string to a db timestamp this must never have a time zone .
Candidate: creates a new sql to the the jvm of .

Sample 12565:
Reference: get summary level .
Candidate: get summary level .

Sample 12566:
Reference: clears the move list .
Candidate: clear all elements from this set leaving it empty .

Sample 12567:
Reference: removes a previously added debugger listener .
Candidate: removes a listener from the cache .

Sample 12568:
Reference: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
Candidate: adds a marker to this log with the specified name .

Sample 12569:
Reference: find the maximum of two field elements .
Candidate: find the maximum of two field elements .

Sample 12570:
Reference: common configuration for vmax validators to keep things dry .
Candidate: configures the <UNK> of a <UNK> of the given log file .

Sample 12571:
Reference: checks the validity of the dataset and renderer parameters .
Candidate: checks the validity of the dataset and renderer parameters .

Sample 12572:
Reference: worldname region restricts access .
Candidate: you may enter worldname with a delay .

Sample 12573:
Reference: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .
Candidate: forces this dispatcher to quit immediately .

Sample 12574:
Reference: reads all remaining tokens parses them as doubles and returns them as an array of doubles .
Candidate: reads all doubles from stdin

Sample 12575:
Reference: might print a newline character and the indentation amount of the given depth .
Candidate: might print a newline character and the indentation amount of the given depth .

Sample 12576:
Reference: calculates the offset shape by p distance .
Candidate: offset based on the offset list to a list

Sample 12577:
Reference: execute this pattern step including predicates .
Candidate: execute this pattern step including predicates .

Sample 12578:
Reference: should never be called .
Candidate: should never be called .

Sample 12579:
Reference: reads a lt text list style gt element from the specified xml element .
Candidate: reads the default style styles for element styles in the specified xml element .

Sample 12580:
Reference: generate the string representation of a symbol with an unknown id .
Candidate: returns the name name as a for the given id .

Sample 12581:
Reference: removes query future from futures map .
Candidate: creates the query to the outgoing request queue .

Sample 12582:
Reference: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 12583:
Reference: returns true if at least item in the results matches the desired result .
Candidate: determine whether there result contains a result result .

Sample 12584:
Reference: refreshes the online status .
Candidate: refreshes the status of the download status .

Sample 12585:
Reference: resets the memory image source and byte backing array when the dft point size has changed
Candidate: resets the <UNK> instance for loading the image data .

Sample 12586:
Reference: checks if is this the type for the session management method provided as parameter .
Candidate: checks if the session session type is a for method .

Sample 12587:
Reference: called when the dialog finishes with an error .
Candidate: called when the dialog finishes with an error .

Sample 12588:
Reference: project a relative data vector from data space to scaled space .
Candidate: project a relative data vector from data space to scaled space .

Sample 12589:
Reference: restores the canvas s previous state .
Candidate: restores the this surface to it to the saved one .

Sample 12590:
Reference: get the length of the list .
Candidate: get the length of the list .

Sample 12591:
Reference: removes the specified member from the group .
Candidate: removes the specified member from the group .

Sample 12592:
Reference: runs simulation after the model has been initialized .
Candidate: this method is called to execute the active of the task .

Sample 12593:
Reference: increments the functionexecutioncallsid and functionexecutionsrunningid stats and functionexecutionhasresultrunningid in case of function . hasresult true . .
Candidate: increments the functionexecutioncallsid and functionexecutionsrunningid stats and functionexecutionhasresultrunningid in case of function . hasresult true . .

Sample 12594:
Reference: returns all signerinfos which self verify .
Candidate: verifies that this is a signed d object based on the base .

Sample 12595:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12596:
Reference: called when the button is toggled by the user with the current toggle state .
Candidate: toggle record presentation between free form and tabular

Sample 12597:
Reference: call back when loading .
Candidate: call back when loading .

Sample 12598:
Reference: parses a single header element .
Candidate: parses a single header element .

Sample 12599:
Reference: visits a zero operand instruction .
Candidate: visits a zero operand instruction .

Sample 12600:
Reference: compute the total number of nodes in the tree
Candidate: returns the number of keys tuples present in the block

Sample 12601:
Reference: returns if the background color should be applied .
Candidate: returns if the background color should be applied .

Sample 12602:
Reference: format minutes as h mm
Candidate: formats a minutes number to milliseconds .

Sample 12603:
Reference: returns the current size of the buffer .
Candidate: gets the number of fields in this partial which is four .

Sample 12604:
Reference: updates the deployed list for bfs configuration of the pods .
Candidate: updates the deployed list for bfs task of the pods .

Sample 12605:
Reference: test if this dispatcher instance contains the local context .
Candidate: test if this dispatcher instance contains the local context .

Sample 12606:
Reference: returns a default timestamp for the current date time
Candidate: constructs new timestamp object to a new value to the same value .

Sample 12607:
Reference: called by documentswriter to initialize the flushpolicy
Candidate: initializes the <UNK> to use the <UNK> map .

Sample 12608:
Reference: adds a screen location to this context .
Candidate: adds a screen location to this context .

Sample 12609:
Reference: constructs a new frame that is identical to the given frame .
Candidate: constructs a new frame that is identical to the given frame .

Sample 12610:
Reference: get the number of hot entries in the cache .
Candidate: get the number of hot entries in the total number .

Sample 12611:
Reference: creates a new instance of a class that implements the weightingdata interface .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the the appropriate document

Sample 12612:
Reference: sets the response status .
Candidate: with status status of the status .

Sample 12613:
Reference: returns short from given array of nibbles .
Candidate: returns short from given array of nibbles .

Sample 12614:
Reference: creates a new pointer to the given values .
Candidate: creates a new pointer to the given values .

Sample 12615:
Reference: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the first element of this deque waiting up to the specified wait time if necessary for an element to become available .

Sample 12616:
Reference: gets a new director and makes the main viewer visible
Candidate: gets a new director empty in a new window .

Sample 12617:
Reference: cast result object to a result tree fragment .
Candidate: cast result object to a result tree fragment .

Sample 12618:
Reference: adds or updates certificate to an existing user if the . getvalue already exists a update will be done .
Candidate: adds a x certificate to the current issuer

Sample 12619:
Reference: loads the given xml file for parsing .
Candidate: loads the given xml file .

Sample 12620:
Reference: read a byte of data .
Candidate: reads into an an .

Sample 12621:
Reference: attempts to restore accessibility focus to the specified date .
Candidate: attempts to restore accessibility focus to the specified date .

Sample 12622:
Reference: ! begin user doc ! end user doc
Candidate: ! begin user doc ! end user doc

Sample 12623:
Reference: c seedrandom mixes additional seed material into the token s random number generator .
Candidate: c <UNK> continues a <UNK> block in the session .

Sample 12624:
Reference: create an instance of idatabinder and not cache the xml .
Candidate: create an instance of an entity not the cache .

Sample 12625:
Reference: report time statistic data .
Candidate: report time statistic data .

Sample 12626:
Reference: cancels the ongoing connection dragging .
Candidate: cancels the connection bar by letting the <UNK> to avoid the it .

Sample 12627:
Reference: removes the tag of the given id
Candidate: removes the tag of the given id

Sample 12628:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12629:
Reference: verify if the jar at url codebase is a signed provider jar file .
Candidate: verify that jar is a signed jar file and throws the permissions bundled with the jar .

Sample 12630:
Reference: returns an iterator over all the available charsets .
Candidate: returns an iterator over all the available charsets .

Sample 12631:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12632:
Reference: the reset function allows reuse of the object for answering multiple requests .
Candidate: reset the message to cache for the given request and

Sample 12633:
Reference: update given object attribute by reading it from provided map properties .
Candidate: updates a collection of all the fields of the currently set and object fields that can be read by the supplied

Sample 12634:
Reference: sets the request members .
Candidate: sets the response members .

Sample 12635:
Reference: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .
Candidate: determine if the supplied view is under the given point in the parent view s coordinate system .

Sample 12636:
Reference: remove indices remove attribute indices indices from d .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> dataset and only the dataset from true for only the default font labels

Sample 12637:
Reference: creates sub group containers and initializes their attributes .
Candidate: creates sub group containers in this group container .

Sample 12638:
Reference: get all symbols in an open file
Candidate: determine all of the source or index .

Sample 12639:
Reference: return only check ins with set geographical coordinates .
Candidate: specifies only to check ins for a complete only .

Sample 12640:
Reference: applies this function to the given arguments .
Candidate: applies this function to the given argument .

Sample 12641:
Reference: determine if there are more than points currently in the partial hull .
Candidate: determine if there are any more points in the partial hull .

Sample 12642:
Reference: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .
Candidate: returns the number of bytes currently being used to store the values in this cache .

Sample 12643:
Reference: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .
Candidate: implemented by derived class to return whether the view is in a state where the user can pull to refresh by scrolling from the end .

Sample 12644:
Reference: run all defined filters .
Candidate: removes the set for the specified title and remove it from the map if it .

Sample 12645:
Reference: create a new colormodel with it s alpha premultiplied state matching newalphapremult .
Candidate: ensures that a color model is shown in the default model of bi so that you

Sample 12646:
Reference: called by internal mechanisms do not call yourself .
Candidate: called by internal mechanisms do not call yourself .

Sample 12647:
Reference: writes an x . certificate pem file .
Candidate: writes an x . certificate file pem file .

Sample 12648:
Reference: encodes this csn into the provided byte string builder .
Candidate: serialize the response s representation of this detachedbaggage to a single string .

Sample 12649:
Reference: you recovered num mp due to the effect of skillname .
Candidate: you received num mp by num damage as you used skillname .

Sample 12650:
Reference: brings up a modal dialog to edit add remove css media .
Candidate: brings up a modal dialog to edit add remove css media .

Sample 12651:
Reference: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in a static field .
Candidate: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in a static field .

Sample 12652:
Reference: prepares for the next retry by applying a backoff to the timeout .
Candidate: prepares for the next retry by applying a backoff to the timeout .

Sample 12653:
Reference: computes the phase angle of this complex number .
Candidate: angle in radians and returns the angle in radians .

Sample 12654:
Reference: convert the specified string to an input stream encoded as bytes using the default character encoding of the platform .
Candidate: convert the specified string to an input stream encoded as bytes using the default character encoding of the platform .

Sample 12655:
Reference: identity based version for use in itr . remove
Candidate: identity based version for use in itr . remove

Sample 12656:
Reference: indicates whether this tile s cartesian extent intersects a specified frustum .
Candidate: determines if the layout is the specified view which is part or window .

Sample 12657:
Reference: restore a single dimension .
Candidate: restore a single dimension .

Sample 12658:
Reference: compute a linear combination .
Candidate: compute a linear combination .

Sample 12659:
Reference: create a new log uploader analyzer .
Candidate: create a new log writer instance for all the messages .

Sample 12660:
Reference: checks arguments for validity .
Candidate: checks the validity of a given sql provider and a given provider .

Sample 12661:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 12662:
Reference: gets the current stream time of a previously invoked file download process .
Candidate: gets the last of of a previously specified background download process .

Sample 12663:
Reference: apply a processor to every method looking at superclasses in method resolution order as needed .
Candidate: visit the method returns true if the visitor is excluded with the given arguments .

Sample 12664:
Reference: shutdown callback when the daq is shutting down .
Candidate: initiates an orderly shutdown in which previously published notifications are delivered but no new notifications will be accepted .

Sample 12665:
Reference: creates a compound border specifying the border objects to use for the outside and inside edges .
Candidate: creates a compound border specifying the border objects to use for the edges and inside edges edges .

Sample 12666:
Reference: deserializes and creates an object of type t .
Candidate: deserializes the next object .

Sample 12667:
Reference: this method is called by the database .
Candidate: this method is called by the database .

Sample 12668:
Reference: separate from checkconflocal so that it can be overidden .
Candidate: checks if the configuration is valid for the local properties .

Sample 12669:
Reference: execute the given transaction
Candidate: executes the transaction on the provided transaction .

Sample 12670:
Reference: called when the promo panel gets closed to log the outcome .
Candidate: called when the promo panel gets closed to log the outcome .

Sample 12671:
Reference: called when the graph model has changed .
Candidate: invokes the call callback method invoke the event .

Sample 12672:
Reference: used when player see new player
Candidate: send a custom send message to the player

Sample 12673:
Reference: reports debug information about the reflection resolution iff the corresponding debug flag is set
Candidate: logs the minimum message to the servlet .

Sample 12674:
Reference: adds global hotkeys based on the current data if global hotkeys are currently enabled .
Candidate: add the current zoom key and current register .

Sample 12675:
Reference: this flag determines if selected date can be changed by selecting an alternative date
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is enabled for the selected state .

Sample 12676:
Reference: handle the given request .
Candidate: implement the to request to the server .

Sample 12677:
Reference: checks whether a provided macro was set .
Candidate: checks if a given comment is present in the <UNK> list .

Sample 12678:
Reference: indicates whether a purchase restore button is supported by the os
Candidate: returns true if this is supported for the <UNK> .

Sample 12679:
Reference: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary for another thread to insert it .
Candidate: retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary for another thread to insert it .

Sample 12680:
Reference: this method must be implemented by the client of the storage api to map the current row in the result set to a java object .
Candidate: this method must be implemented by the client of the storage api to map the current row in the result set to a java object .

Sample 12681:
Reference: this method performs document owner operations in response to a patch operation .
Candidate: process the processing to pause the <UNK> of the process which leads to pause the <UNK> .

Sample 12682:
Reference: appends a string representation of the given constant to the given buffer .
Candidate: appends a string representation of the given constant to the given buffer .

Sample 12683:
Reference: incrementally removes an entry into the setmap
Candidate: remove <UNK> entry from the history .

Sample 12684:
Reference: gets message sent at specified prompt
Candidate: called for the message with the specified error and places the message .

Sample 12685:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12686:
Reference: check that e is non null matches this classvalue and is live .
Candidate: check that e is non live matches .

Sample 12687:
Reference: calculates the normalized euclidean distance between two points .
Candidate: calculates the square distance between two points .

Sample 12688:
Reference: apply after advice to this supplier
Candidate: apply a advice to this function that applies it to the provided consumer

Sample 12689:
Reference: returns a string representation of this check box group including the value of its current selection .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this check box bound including the of its current selection .

Sample 12690:
Reference: should certain incoming packets on the server be handed off to a thread from the thread pool for processing or should they be handled on the remoting thread ?
Candidate: returns true if the server socket is enabled for the platform connection .

Sample 12691:
Reference: returns the hash code value for this object .
Candidate: returns the hashcode value for this <UNK> .

Sample 12692:
Reference: create a pub sub subscription .
Candidate: create a pub sub subscription .

Sample 12693:
Reference: check that the given field is present .
Candidate: checks if the name is present in a <UNK> object .

Sample 12694:
Reference: this method was generated by mybatis generator .
Candidate: this method was generated by mybatis generator .

Sample 12695:
Reference: called when a directory is scanned for resource files .
Candidate: called when a directory is scanned for resource files .

Sample 12696:
Reference: saves character at current runtime position to the temporary buffer .
Candidate: saves character outside of current character into current current or character .

Sample 12697:
Reference: unloads and deletes references to the shader program
Candidate: unloads and deletes references to the shader program

Sample 12698:
Reference: sets the deceleration angular velocity to f
Candidate: sets the deceleration angular velocity to f

Sample 12699:
Reference: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles
Candidate: allows derivative classes to handle the xml attrs without creating a typedarray themsevles

Sample 12700:
Reference: creates an inline assembler instruction .
Candidate: creates a method bytecode for the given method .

Sample 12701:
Reference: parses the provided command line arguments and uses that information to run the ldapdelete tool .
Candidate: returns the delete method for ldapdelete tool .

Sample 12702:
Reference: generates a fully qualified object identifier for the repository .
Candidate: returns the resource id of a resource in the current url .

Sample 12703:
Reference: invoked to indicate that the list of instance times for the given timed element has been updated .
Candidate: invoked to indicate that the list of instance times for the given timed element has been updated .

Sample 12704:
Reference: closes an input stream .
Candidate: closes an input stream .

Sample 12705:
Reference: check if vitamio is initialized at this device
Candidate: check if vitamio is initialized at this device

Sample 12706:
Reference: removes a changelistener from the model s listener list .
Candidate: removes a changelistener from the button .

Sample 12707:
Reference: add a file to the recent files list
Candidate: used to add the file used to this file as a file

Sample 12708:
Reference: return a copy of the internal keys array .
Candidate: return a copy of the internal keys array .

Sample 12709:
Reference: retract the iterator to the next position .
Candidate: get the <UNK> index of the number of rows in the <UNK> .

Sample 12710:
Reference: validates that an update add commit or optimize results in success .
Candidate: validates that an update add commit or optimize results in success .

Sample 12711:
Reference: dividers are only drawn between items if both items allow it or above the first and below the last item if that item allows it .
Candidate: dividers are only drawn between items if both items allow it or above the first and below the last item if that item allows it .

Sample 12712:
Reference: returns true if the axis minindex value has been customized and is not calculated automatically
Candidate: returns true if the axis min value has been customized and is not calculated automatically

Sample 12713:
Reference: determines the sort order .
Candidate: determines the sort order .

Sample 12714:
Reference: deletes all roles of a existing user
Candidate: deletes all existing users of a existing group

Sample 12715:
Reference: enqueue new data to be played
Candidate: inserts data at the end of the data .

Sample 12716:
Reference: create a lazysetx that contains the longs between start and end
Candidate: create a lazysetx that contains the longs between start and end

Sample 12717:
Reference: load servers from database
Candidate: load parameters from database database representations to load .

Sample 12718:
Reference: encodes a string into base format .
Candidate: encodes a string into base format .

Sample 12719:
Reference: adds a new kdcontainer to the searchobject at the end of the container list .
Candidate: adds a new kdcontainer to the container list and also connect to the list of the points to the the list of the container .

Sample 12720:
Reference: skips to the next piece if we have read all the data in the current piece .
Candidate: skips to the next piece if we have read all the data in the current piece .

Sample 12721:
Reference: generates different encrypted pkcs vectors
Candidate: generate an aci request to a <UNK> location using the given key .

Sample 12722:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 12723:
Reference: checks if is integer .
Candidate: returns true if the can be converted to an integer

Sample 12724:
Reference: method to get gps status
Candidate: check if gps is enabled state

Sample 12725:
Reference: asserts that two booleans are not equal .
Candidate: asserts that two booleans are not equal .

Sample 12726:
Reference: pdf of rayleigh distribution
Candidate: probability of rayleigh distribution

Sample 12727:
Reference: check if the http proxy is enabled if enabled configure the system properties
Candidate: check if the proxy logging are provided .

Sample 12728:
Reference: remove and zero all elements
Candidate: clear the list of features .

Sample 12729:
Reference: allow node to validate itself .
Candidate: validates the <UNK> that the value to fire with the given argument

Sample 12730:
Reference: closes the camera driver if still in use .
Candidate: closes the camera driver if still in use .

Sample 12731:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12732:
Reference: try to find layout xml file by name
Candidate: try to find layout xml file by name

Sample 12733:
Reference: stop listening for speech .
Candidate: stops the input text instance .

Sample 12734:
Reference: method called to override a method parameter annotation usually due to a mix in annotation masking or overriding an annotation real method has .
Candidate: add a method to use when the sub class method to add new new to the new annotation with new new .

Sample 12735:
Reference: sets the active marker to the given destination and makes it visible .
Candidate: updates the result destination with a set of markers or null to update the original marker .

Sample 12736:
Reference: processes the given response message returning the result if any of the processing .
Candidate: steps to process the response steps .

Sample 12737:
Reference: computes estimated errors for leaf .
Candidate: computes estimated errors for leaf .

Sample 12738:
Reference: enable location update notifications .
Candidate: enable location update notifications .

Sample 12739:
Reference: update the weight matrices with given matrices .
Candidate: update the weight information .

Sample 12740:
Reference: track open frame in window manager
Candidate: add a window to to the window info dialog

Sample 12741:
Reference: stores an artifact into the repository .
Candidate: stores an artifact by an inputstream .

Sample 12742:
Reference: show if is name of layer as opposed to just label .
Candidate: indicates whether the given name is already loaded by this worldpluginsmanager .

Sample 12743:
Reference: returns the buffer s underlying byte array .
Candidate: returns the buffer s underlying array underlying array .

Sample 12744:
Reference: start an apply interval .
Candidate: start an time interval in a timer interval .

Sample 12745:
Reference: sets whether to exclude properties that do not support the target version from the written vcard .
Candidate: sets the version number from version will be written to enable the default version of .

Sample 12746:
Reference: this private method has more than two branches
Candidate: this method shall be called if the signature of branches .

Sample 12747:
Reference: saves the message record in the database .
Candidate: updates the message record to store a record message .

Sample 12748:
Reference: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
Candidate: ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .

Sample 12749:
Reference: clear the current list of pending messages
Candidate: clear the current list of pending messages

Sample 12750:
Reference: called on newly created soap message objects .
Candidate: called the soap message is parsed .

Sample 12751:
Reference: makes this dialog a progress dialog .
Candidate: sets the progress level for the usertimeline .

Sample 12752:
Reference: returns true if the tileentity can connect on a given side .
Candidate: returns true if the tileentity can connect on a given side .

Sample 12753:
Reference: removes a role that is assigned to the user .
Candidate: removes a role from the user .

Sample 12754:
Reference: provides results to assembly nodes for initialization .
Candidate: this this method should be called once each step of in the list .

Sample 12755:
Reference: determines if the navigation controller bar can move .
Candidate: check if the user is dragging left in the <UNK> .

Sample 12756:
Reference: atomically increments by one the current value .
Candidate: atomically increments by one the current value .

Sample 12757:
Reference: starts the animation given as parameter .
Candidate: starts the animation given as parameter .

Sample 12758:
Reference: check type of section element defined by key .
Candidate: check type of section element defined by key .

Sample 12759:
Reference: true iff passed string is the name of a built in type
Candidate: returns whether the given name is a known type name .

Sample 12760:
Reference: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12761:
Reference: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .
Candidate: called when the user has started a deliberate drag away from one of the subscribed edges in the parent view while no child view is currently captured .

Sample 12762:
Reference: return the member of vector of the element s type .
Candidate: return the member of vector of the element s type .

Sample 12763:
Reference: internal build the drop schema ddl .
Candidate: internal build the schema schema ddl .

Sample 12764:
Reference: called when the machine is being wrenched by a player while sneaking .
Candidate: called when a player is dispatched on the world

Sample 12765:
Reference: parse a json array from the given json parser into the given destination collection .
Candidate: parse a json array for the given json into which is merged completes into the given destination collection .

Sample 12766:
Reference: simple helper method to show toasts
Candidate: display the message to show the message

Sample 12767:
Reference: generate code to stash a copy of top of stack of typecode toscode under this item .
Candidate: generate code to stash a copy of top of stack of typecode toscode under this item .

Sample 12768:
Reference: sets the boost to be used .
Candidate: sets the boost of the prefix to be used .

Sample 12769:
Reference: distribute score value from the current page to all its outlinked pages .
Candidate: distribute score from from a separate <UNK> to a different pages during during the current . .

Sample 12770:
Reference: removes a list listener .
Candidate: removes a listener from listener .

Sample 12771:
Reference: test if a character is us ascii number .
Candidate: test if a character is number .

Sample 12772:
Reference: updates the user entry to clear the warned time .
Candidate: removes the user s time zone for all the user the required title to pass .

Sample 12773:
Reference: indicates if the given string location corresponds to an image currently stored in this imagefactory s cache .
Candidate: indicates if the given string location corresponds to an image currently stored in this imagefactory s cache .

Sample 12774:
Reference: push an array or object scope .
Candidate: push an array or object scope .

Sample 12775:
Reference: remove any records for the supplied componentname .
Candidate: remove any records for the supplied componentname .

Sample 12776:
Reference: remove workspace from cache by workspace id .
Candidate: remove id by by id .

Sample 12777:
Reference: paint the tabbed pane .
Candidate: paints the focus view of the controls

Sample 12778:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12779:
Reference: returns the biggest net number on the board .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> number of entries for the the new

Sample 12780:
Reference: finds the rdf class ? for this java class ? .
Candidate: finds the rdfs class by this by the java class name .

Sample 12781:
Reference: get the list of asynchandlers for this logger
Candidate: get the list of asynchandlers for this logger

Sample 12782:
Reference: this method will use the default shared preference file .
Candidate: writes the saved hash code to the log file if you have to be the same power .

Sample 12783:
Reference: callbacks when the chart is longpressed .
Candidate: callbacks when the chart is longpressed .

Sample 12784:
Reference: notify that the outbind was accepted .
Candidate: notify this report time suspended for the specified state .

Sample 12785:
Reference: returns true if this config parameter represents a file value .
Candidate: tests whether this virtualfile is a regular file .

Sample 12786:
Reference: listeners will be notified about received message .
Candidate: listeners will be notified about received message .

Sample 12787:
Reference: invoked after a whole subtree of a tag manager s tag tree was deleted .
Candidate: invoked after a whole subtree of a tag manager s tag accessed .

Sample 12788:
Reference: create an instance of lmnelement
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 12789:
Reference: outputs an adaptive track covering the specified representations in the specified adaptation set .
Candidate: outputs an adaptive track covering the specified resolution in the specified adaptation set .

Sample 12790:
Reference: expands section if collapsed based on provided sidekick section
Candidate: expands the split and expand it to the selected sections .

Sample 12791:
Reference: adds a new column .
Candidate: add a new column to the table .

Sample 12792:
Reference: returns true if there s at least one propertiesprovider providing properties for the datasource type false otherwise .
Candidate: returns true if there s s properties s properties .

Sample 12793:
Reference: get the property as a number object
Candidate: get the property to a number

Sample 12794:
Reference: tracks a step of the interaction .
Candidate: tracks the <UNK> point of the diff .

Sample 12795:
Reference: perform a bit right shift of the value .
Candidate: emit the mantissa of the right number

Sample 12796:
Reference: translates absolute coordinates into coordinates in the coordinate space of this component .
Candidate: translates absolute coordinates into coordinates in the coordinate space of this component .

Sample 12797:
Reference: clears the screen with the selected color .
Candidate: clears the screen with black color .

Sample 12798:
Reference: clears the list of labels .
Candidate: clears all the data from the list .

Sample 12799:
Reference: delete a specific draft patch set .
Candidate: delete the history information from the specified id

Sample 12800:
Reference: write the given switch to the sync store .
Candidate: add a <UNK> to the old list of <UNK> and

Sample 12801:
Reference: save detailed script execution on a remote host as entry
Candidate: save automatic execution as per file system .

Sample 12802:
Reference: content of the wrapping view s ondraw canvas must be called before super statement
Candidate: content of the wrapping view s ondraw canvas must be called before super statement

Sample 12803:
Reference: inserts a directory or a jar or zip file at the head of the search path .
Candidate: inserts a directory or a jar or zip file at the head of the search path .

Sample 12804:
Reference: return true if the volume is a vplex volume
Candidate: check if the volume is a volume to the distributed system f .

Sample 12805:
Reference: metodo que obtiene el numero total de unidades administrativas segun el criterio de busqueda pasado como parametro
Candidate: metodo que obtiene el numero de unidades administrativas que cumplen una condicion sql

Sample 12806:
Reference: compute a linear combination .
Candidate: compute a linear combination .

Sample 12807:
Reference: converts a descriptor into the internal form as defined by jvms . .
Candidate: converts the string string to a int string and the the with the same with the given name .

Sample 12808:
Reference: number of blocks of n s
Candidate: get the total number of bytes that have the total number of this .

Sample 12809:
Reference: appends a text object to this element
Candidate: appends the given filter with the end of the composite

Sample 12810:
Reference: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .
Candidate: adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens .

Sample 12811:
Reference: called just after a new matrix has been assigned .
Candidate: called just after a new matrix has been assigned .

Sample 12812:
Reference: get the double value
Candidate: converts this object to a doublevalue and returns the result as a double .

Sample 12813:
Reference: resets the testing database .
Candidate: resets the testing database .

Sample 12814:
Reference: returns a new inner instance of this context inheriting the properties of this context .
Candidate: initializes the actual context for this context of the context process of the input context .

Sample 12815:
Reference: adjusts the timing for subtitle display by increasing decreasing the delay so that the sub at the relative subcount position would be currently displayed .
Candidate: gets a list of time that sagetv is currently to be applied to the current dvd content

Sample 12816:
Reference: this method removes the node from its parent
Candidate: this method removes the node from its parent

Sample 12817:
Reference: sends an email regarding changes on a marketplace to all administrators of the specified owning organization .
Candidate: send an email to account notifications from the current platform of time .

Sample 12818:
Reference: reads the revenue share from the marketplace which was valid in the given period for the given marketplace id .
Candidate: loads the marketplace revenue share for the given key and determines the rotation value for a given marketplace .

Sample 12819:
Reference: description of the method
Candidate: <UNK> the <UNK> from a file with the given name .

Sample 12820:
Reference: add a key in memcache with the provided value with the specified ttl .
Candidate: add a key in memcache with the provided value with the specified ttl .

Sample 12821:
Reference: skips variable length blocks up to and including next zero length block .
Candidate: skips variable length blocks up to and including next zero length block .

Sample 12822:
Reference: reads and validates the first line of a webvtt file .
Candidate: validates that the <UNK> line is a valid line and of the <UNK> string .

Sample 12823:
Reference: checks if a tag has been marked done within a given time span a specific number of times .
Candidate: check if a tag has been done a a given number of times .

Sample 12824:
Reference: creates the splitted example set for this operator .
Candidate: creates a <UNK> set to <UNK> for each time in the set .

Sample 12825:
Reference: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s plain text editor for the extension to use in its own ui .
Candidate: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s plain text editor for the extension to use in its own ui .

Sample 12826:
Reference: sets the pattern factory to use
Candidate: sets the pattern to use for the usertimeline .

Sample 12827:
Reference: remove weightedrandomfishables from the treasure results table .
Candidate: remove weightedrandomfishables from the fish constraint table .

Sample 12828:
Reference: draws the provided label at the given position .
Candidate: draws the provided label at the given position .

Sample 12829:
Reference: add a new attachment to a task and or a process instance and use an url as the content
Candidate: creates an attachment for for query name .

Sample 12830:
Reference: gracefully mark this instance for shutdown .
Candidate: stop the profile with a given reason .

Sample 12831:
Reference: display a warning that the specified method is simply unavailable .
Candidate: provide a method to display the warning method in the specified method .

Sample 12832:
Reference: returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array .
Candidate: returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array .

Sample 12833:
Reference: returns true if the time is in the am or before noon .
Candidate: returns true if the time is in the am or before noon .

Sample 12834:
Reference: parses a non top xml element .
Candidate: parses an element tree using the correct type .

Sample 12835:
Reference: displays an error resulting from the specified exception .
Candidate: displays an error resulting from the specified exception .

Sample 12836:
Reference: called whenever a fling occurs on the container view .
Candidate: called whenever a fling occurs on the container view .

Sample 12837:
Reference: adds a new field .
Candidate: adds a bucket field .

Sample 12838:
Reference: removes a parameter from the request .
Candidate: removes a parameter from the request .

Sample 12839:
Reference: map the columns using the column names and the specified table .
Candidate: map the columns using the column names and the specified table .

Sample 12840:
Reference: removes the entry identified by key from the cache .
Candidate: removes the entry identified by key from the cache .

Sample 12841:
Reference: returns the tail of the specified character sequence starting at this cursor position .
Candidate: return the this set of the specified character sequence until this cursor supports the specified character sequence .

Sample 12842:
Reference: reconstructs object on unmarshalling .
Candidate: reconstructs the pivot not the screen .

Sample 12843:
Reference: true means that the journal directory will be created
Candidate: returns whether the policy should use to create a backup folder .

Sample 12844:
Reference: loads one texture file
Candidate: loads the texture from a file system and writes it to the os .

Sample 12845:
Reference: creates a new proxyrequireheader based on the newly supplied optiontag value .
Candidate: creates a new proxyrequireheader based on the newly supplied optiontag value .

Sample 12846:
Reference: returns true if the agent is set to auto connect to a system .
Candidate: returns the flag that determines whether a connection to the database is established automatically

Sample 12847:
Reference: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .
Candidate: find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found .

Sample 12848:
Reference: creates a stylesheet template from the given source .
Candidate: creates a new templates object the given stylesheet source .

Sample 12849:
Reference: returns true if the mouse has been pressed on this control .
Candidate: determine if a mouse button is the clicked .

Sample 12850:
Reference: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s plain text editor for the extension to use in its own ui .
Candidate: this method is used to create a new instance of burp s plain text editor for the extension to use in its own ui .

Sample 12851:
Reference: you cannot use as you have already used it to its maximum usage count .
Candidate: you cannot use the async to equip it is already .

Sample 12852:
Reference: convenience method append the specified text slice to the textview s display buffer upgrading it to buffertype . editable if it was not already editable .
Candidate: convenience method append the specified text slice to the textview s display buffer upgrading it to buffertype . editable if it was not already editable .

Sample 12853:
Reference: tests if the this method is ready to be executed .
Candidate: ensures that the given deadline should be thrown instead of the <UNK> and throws an exception .

Sample 12854:
Reference: returns an iterator returning no elements .
Candidate: return an immutable list containing java ordered set .

Sample 12855:
Reference: detaches the mirror device from the source and deletes everything that related to mirror device including the back end storage volume
Candidate: detach both the volume or mirrors of mirrors for mirrors of a single volume .

Sample 12856:
Reference: release the distributed lock for the clear operation .
Candidate: wraps a good thread to order to throw regiondestroyedexception if dlock service and isdestroyed is true .

Sample 12857:
Reference: registers a container using a class specified as a string .
Candidate: registers a container using configuration class .

Sample 12858:
Reference: update the next run time for the etl job using quartz cron expression
Candidate: updates the time of the specified task id and time it to the latest time

Sample 12859:
Reference: callback when the selected tab has been reselected .
Candidate: callback when the selected tab has been reselected .

Sample 12860:
Reference: views the array as an immutable list .
Candidate: views the array as an immutable list .

Sample 12861:
Reference: initialize the defaults table with the name of the resourcebundle used for getting localized defaults .
Candidate: initialize the defaults table with the name of the resourcebundle used for getting localized defaults .

Sample 12862:
Reference: send durable messages with pre specified body .
Candidate: send a message to the .

Sample 12863:
Reference: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
Candidate: used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .

Sample 12864:
Reference: scrolls vertically to the absolute y .
Candidate: scrolls vertically to the absolute y .

Sample 12865:
Reference: wait until the connections is available or timeout if available return true otherwise return false .
Candidate: wait for the pending block to wait for the specified timeout .

Sample 12866:
Reference: check if this node use obfuscated style it will check value of this node and parent nodes .
Candidate: returns whether the code is obfuscated

Sample 12867:
Reference: get the version this swc should be saved as .
Candidate: determine the <UNK> version of the <UNK> backend .

Sample 12868:
Reference: fully read from the file .
Candidate: fully read from the file .

Sample 12869:
Reference: initialize the image resources .
Candidate: initialize the image registry in accordance to the origin of the image images .

Sample 12870:
Reference: returns true if the x legend adjusts itself when scaling the graph false if not
Candidate: returns whether the legend fonts should be rendered in the same axis .

Sample 12871:
Reference: received when the application receives an open uri event
Candidate: called when we want to receive a response from the eventservice .

Sample 12872:
Reference: when the snackbar is hidden fire event hidden to the js module
Candidate: when a snackbar is no longer be hidden and the snackbar from the .

Sample 12873:
Reference: returns the keyword for the modifier .
Candidate: returns the keyword for the modifier .

Sample 12874:
Reference: has left the alliance .
Candidate: you have left to the the alliance .

Sample 12875:
Reference: adds a new variable with given coefficient .
Candidate: adds an equal to this with coefficient if the desired position

Sample 12876:
Reference: map from the current package names in use on the device to whatever the current canonical name of that package is .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> list names to a list of names .

Sample 12877:
Reference: specific case for slovakia and czech see http www . pitt . edu votruba qsonhist housenumbersslovakia . html
Candidate: normalize a <UNK> string to include the <UNK> number .

Sample 12878:
Reference: controls whether invalid styles are report as errors or warnings .
Candidate: report if the user is recommended to be reported as a line of the <UNK> .

Sample 12879:
Reference: check permissions when adding a window .
Candidate: check when a window when adding a window .

Sample 12880:
Reference: fired when a connection changed its state to terminated
Candidate: called when the user is about to the <UNK> room .

Sample 12881:
Reference: creates static group .
Candidate: creates static group by id .

Sample 12882:
Reference: increments the number of dropped frames for stats purposes .
Candidate: increments the number of dropped frames for stats purposes .

Sample 12883:
Reference: disables sync if all data types have been disabled .
Candidate: disables sync if all data types have been disabled .

Sample 12884:
Reference: extracts a map of name value pairs from the given array of characters .
Candidate: extracts a string of characters from the given string

Sample 12885:
Reference: invoke when edge touched
Candidate: invoke when edge touched

Sample 12886:
Reference: calculates the block hash by serializing the block and hashing the resulting bytes .
Candidate: calculates the block hash by serializing and returns it .

Sample 12887:
Reference: returns the name of the indexed field .
Candidate: returns the name of the indexed field .

Sample 12888:
Reference: update all neuron groups and other groups .
Candidate: updates all groups groups in the <UNK> group and which should be called directly by the group .

Sample 12889:
Reference: create an xml error handler that rethrows errors and fatal errors and logs warnings .
Candidate: constructs a default error handler to find the error messages .

Sample 12890:
Reference: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
Candidate: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .

Sample 12891:
Reference: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise
Candidate: returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise

Sample 12892:
Reference: is it forbidden to assign symbolic register symb to physical register phys ?
Candidate: is it forbidden to assign symbolic register symb to physical register todo p ?

Sample 12893:
Reference: writes the data to a temporary file and then returns a path to the file .
Candidate: writes the data to a temporary file and then returns a path to the file .

Sample 12894:
Reference: updates all couplings in the workspace .
Candidate: this method is called when any changes of this is complete .

Sample 12895:
Reference: appends the specified element to the end of this list .
Candidate: appends the specified element to the end of this list .

Sample 12896:
Reference: return whether the screen is about to turn on or is currently on .
Candidate: return whether the screen is about to turn on or is currently on .

Sample 12897:
Reference: encode single long dimension
Candidate: encode single double dimension

Sample 12898:
Reference: sets the base dn for user information in the directory server .
Candidate: sets the meta used for using the default bit encoding .

Sample 12899:
Reference: run just this test .
Candidate: run just this test .

Sample 12900:
Reference: add an index in memory cache after it has been created in elasticsearch .
Candidate: adds an index to be used in the current index .

Sample 12901:
Reference: adds the given filter to the tochannels edition editor .
Candidate: adds the given filter to the tochannels edition editor .

Sample 12902:
Reference: returns inputs in sorted order sorting only the last k items .
Candidate: inputs inputs in the sorted range where it is the <UNK> . .

Sample 12903:
Reference: get status information for the current connection if any .
Candidate: returns the <UNK> info request to be sent instead of the <UNK> .

Sample 12904:
Reference: you nominated as the next legion brigade general .
Candidate: you have declined your invitation to join the alliance .

Sample 12905:
Reference: tear down instance variables required by this test case .
Candidate: tear down instance variables required by this test case .

Sample 12906:
Reference: need to clear memory get gc moving and ready for new objects
Candidate: need to clear all cached memory .

Sample 12907:
Reference: await completion of the request .
Candidate: waits until any thread or terminate .

Sample 12908:
Reference: create an instance of encryptedkeytype
Candidate: create an instance of <UNK>

Sample 12909:
Reference: template method whether the processor should ignore the first line of the input
Candidate: returns true if the line is the first line line .

Sample 12910:
Reference: is child has been marked as removed .
Candidate: do true if we can not the the child of the view .

Sample 12911:
Reference: returns a string representation of this queue .
Candidate: returns a string representation of this queue .

Sample 12912:
Reference: converts a word spacing css value to a value usable as a text attribute or null .
Candidate: converts a <UNK> numeric value to a value usable as a text attribute or null .

Sample 12913:
Reference: removes the directory s persistent storage .
Candidate: removes the directory s persistent storage .

Sample 12914:
Reference: reads a new class from the receiver .
Candidate: reads a new class from the receiver .

Sample 12915:
Reference: gets the channel that this airing is on
Candidate: gets the channel number for an airing which is defined in this mediafile

Sample 12916:
Reference: constructs a new connection pool .
Candidate: constructs a new connection using the handler pool .

Sample 12917:
Reference: returns a use instance given a bytecodeinstruction for which isuse is true
Candidate: creates a <UNK> wrapping the given operand for which isdefinition is true

Sample 12918:
Reference: persist the seekbar s progress value if callchangelistener returns true otherwise set the seekbar s progress to the stored value
Candidate: persist the seekbar s progress value if callchangelistener returns true otherwise set the seekbar s progress to the stored value

Sample 12919:
Reference: selects element according to search criteria changes
Candidate: called when the user wants to refresh the selection cells .

Sample 12920:
Reference: if invalidated will subsequently refuse to produce events .
Candidate: if invalidated will subsequently refuse to produce events .

Sample 12921:
Reference: prints a visual representation of the last evaluated solution to this problem .
Candidate: displays the last evaluation pass the last evaluation of this vector .

Sample 12922:
Reference: indicates whether this attribute has any value s that are less than or equal to the provided value .
Candidate: indicates whether the attribute value is greater or equal to the specified value .

Sample 12923:
Reference: returns a string representation
Candidate: returns a string representation

Sample 12924:
Reference: returns a key identifying dep for a dependency rule dep
Candidate: creates a mapping from a specific type expression .

Sample 12925:
Reference: a new instance of multibit has been created with the command line argument of rawuri
Candidate: called when the podcast begins the raw data .

Sample 12926:
Reference: remove an existing manager .
Candidate: remove a existing manager from the container

Sample 12927:
Reference: adds the given chunk to the end of the program
Candidate: adds the given chunk at the given index for the program

Sample 12928:
Reference: returns an empty document .
Candidate: returns a new empty document

Sample 12929:
Reference: return string value representing date .
Candidate: replace any date version of an given date .

Sample 12930:
Reference: whether or not this table has been marked as hidden .
Candidate: returns if the item should be marked as hidden .

Sample 12931:
Reference: removes installed preview panel from the ui delegate .
Candidate: installed installed preview panel from the ui delegate .

Sample 12932:
Reference: internal helper that writes the current buffer to the output .
Candidate: internal helper that writes the current buffer to the output .

Sample 12933:
Reference: creates a new push button on the specified panel with the given text .
Candidate: creates a new button button with the given label name and any type change the

Sample 12934:
Reference: invalidates configuration cache .
Candidate: invalidates the cache configuration calculator cache calculator cache .

Sample 12935:
Reference: create an xml node with optional attributes and content .
Candidate: create an xml node with optional attributes and content .

Sample 12936:
Reference: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .
Candidate: returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid .

Sample 12937:
Reference: string representation of the buffer .
Candidate: returns the string representation .

Sample 12938:
Reference: keeps the date at which the event occurs
Candidate: the date in the date .

Sample 12939:
Reference: return a pretty string version of the node .
Candidate: serializes a pretty string value into xml string .

Sample 12940:
Reference: returns the flag that determines whether or not zooming is enabled for the range axis .
Candidate: returns the flag that determines whether or not zooming is enabled for the range axis .

Sample 12941:
Reference: defend against malicious streams .
Candidate: defend against malicious streams .

Sample 12942:
Reference: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name .
Candidate: indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name .

Sample 12943:
Reference: browse a message receive but do not consume from the specified queue using the default receive timeout
Candidate: browse a message from the specified queue using the default receive timeout

Sample 12944:
Reference: calculates the number of bytes offset that corresponds to the given time interval with the given data format and sample frequency .
Candidate: calculate the last index of a random number of time cells .

Sample 12945:
Reference: finalizes the hashcode method .
Candidate: finalizes the hashcode method .

Sample 12946:
Reference: splits the given string for each space that is found .
Candidate: join a single string of all space elements to the end of the space .

Sample 12947:
Reference: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .
Candidate: clears all of the previously set sounds and events .

Sample 12948:
Reference: opens a new session .
Candidate: open a new session control with the <UNK> object .

Sample 12949:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 12950:
Reference: has the shader string been loaded ?
Candidate: returns whether this ready for coordinates use for the existence .

Sample 12951:
Reference: returns an array of all files in the given directory .
Candidate: returns an array of all files in the given directory .

Sample 12952:
Reference: determines if the specified signed jwt is valid .
Candidate: determines if the jwt is valid to the the jwt s credentials .

Sample 12953:
Reference: is group chat s f supported
Candidate: is group chat s f supported

Sample 12954:
Reference: creates a new instance the same as one instance the destination but with some attribute values copied from another instance the source
Candidate: merges the <UNK> instance to execute instance from a new instance .

Sample 12955:
Reference: check liveness properties for the current potentially partial state graph .
Candidate: check if a specified is is configured correctly

Sample 12956:
Reference: extract a byte value from the input stream .
Candidate: extract a byte value from the input stream .

Sample 12957:
Reference: this method inspects the current register for values that look like refs .
Candidate: check method is the current <UNK> tag to be the out of the refs .

Sample 12958:
Reference: remove from all warehouses .
Candidate: remove remove all warehouses from all .

Sample 12959:
Reference: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .
Candidate: returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false .

Sample 12960:
Reference: returns true if has rollover off image
Candidate: returns true if the <UNK> is currently uploaded to a user .

Sample 12961:
Reference: is the second command a direct child of the first command ?
Candidate: tells whether a subclass of this annotation is inside a parent .

Sample 12962:
Reference: tests if the current skill level is at least this skill level .
Candidate: returns if this value is at least the current value as the given value . .

Sample 12963:
Reference: removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs .
Candidate: removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs .

Sample 12964:
Reference: add a size mapping rule to this sizeaction .
Candidate: add a size mapping rule to this sizeaction .

Sample 12965:
Reference: adds a source unmanagedvolume to the list of unmanagedvolumes that should be updated when this recoverpoint ingestion process is committed .
Candidate: add a source volume to the list of volumes that is passed to this backend .

Sample 12966:
Reference: indicates whether this schema definition is declared obsolete .
Candidate: indicates whether this schema definition is declared obsolete .

Sample 12967:
Reference: inserts the specified string at the given index
Candidate: inserts the specified string at the given index

Sample 12968:
Reference: lazy initialization of default value .
Candidate: make the default implementation of this .

Sample 12969:
Reference: creates a create index request .
Candidate: create a index and record the index as a single index .

Sample 12970:
Reference: run the simulator for one timestep .
Candidate: run the simulator for one timestep .

Sample 12971:
Reference: retrieve the value that s currently on top of the stack i . e .
Candidate: return the current top of the stack

Sample 12972:
Reference: this method is called when executing this sample application from the command line .
Candidate: provides this version name for the line s contents .

Sample 12973:
Reference: returns the length of the matched text region .
Candidate: returns the length of the matched text region .

Sample 12974:
Reference: report that findbugs has finished analyzing a class .
Candidate: fields fields of a class member

Sample 12975:
Reference: registers a javascript query handler .
Candidate: registers the local handler handler for this <UNK> .

Sample 12976:
Reference: scipio clones item .
Candidate: scipio awt new menu item is added to the popup menu of .

Sample 12977:
Reference: clears the buffer .
Candidate: clear all the text builder .

Sample 12978:
Reference: this method can be used to exclude the specified url from the suite wide scope .
Candidate: this method can be used to exclude the specified url from the suite wide scope .

Sample 12979:
Reference: answer true if the receiver contains the given line number false otherwse .
Candidate: determine if an element contains a particular line in the end of line

Sample 12980:
Reference: adds a connector listener to the connector .
Candidate: adds a connector listener to the connector .

Sample 12981:
Reference: compute a geopoint that s scaled to actually be on the planet surface .
Candidate: creates a new noise point from the specified vector .

Sample 12982:
Reference: returns true if the gps engine has almanac data for the satellite .
Candidate: indicates whether this <UNK> is a <UNK> location for the <UNK> .

Sample 12983:
Reference: check whether the mapmouseinterpreter is responding to events .
Candidate: returns to determine if the animation is currently in a stable state .

Sample 12984:
Reference: if mouse button is clicked centers view at that location .
Candidate: invoked to be called when the mouse button clicked on the display .

Sample 12985:
Reference: test whether the selection is symlink
Candidate: <UNK> true if the provided path is selected to the <UNK> and

Sample 12986:
Reference: configure the token to partition type mapper .
Candidate: binds the <UNK> type to the <UNK> type of this aci .

Sample 12987:
Reference: bitmap into compressed png
Candidate: utility method to rotate an object as a byte array .

Sample 12988:
Reference: import the next tree .
Candidate: import the next tree

Sample 12989:
Reference: returns a random real number from the cauchy distribution .
Candidate: returns a random real number from the cauchy distribution .

Sample 12990:
Reference: return true if this csvreader supports the reset method .
Candidate: return true if the underlying resource is resettable .

Sample 12991:
Reference: fetches a cell fate in the fate dictionary by a given key creating a new fate if the key doesn t exist yet .
Candidate: returns the key value for the given key and return the number of keys .

Sample 12992:
Reference: the script to execute .
Candidate: sets the script source code .

Sample 12993:
Reference: prepend given element to front of list forming and returning a new list .
Candidate: prepend given element to front of list forming and returning a new list .

Sample 12994:
Reference: parse a date passed in as a string returning the appropriate date object .
Candidate: parse a date passed in as a appropriate date object .

Sample 12995:
Reference: text of the lyrics of the audio file .
Candidate: text of the audio file .

Sample 12996:
Reference: this method is part of the surfaceholder . callback interface and is not normally called or subclassed by clients of glsurfaceview .
Candidate: this method is part of the surfaceholder . callback interface and is not normally called or subclassed by clients of glsurfaceview .

Sample 12997:
Reference: read the response don t care for the syntax of the request line
Candidate: reads a request from the input stream .

Sample 12998:
Reference: does the closure have a single char like char or character argument .
Candidate: determine if the supplied argument is a single character argument .

Sample 12999:
Reference: consumes the current token iff it s one of the expected types . br otherwise returns false and reports an error .
Candidate: expect the current token throwing expect it expected to the expected type .

Sample 13000:
Reference: take a file handle to pdf file on local filesystem and displays in pdf viewer
Candidate: take a log handle to pdf file on local filesystem and displays in pdf viewer

Sample 13001:
Reference: computes the scalar product dot product with the given vector .
Candidate: computes the dot product with the given vector .

Sample 13002:
Reference: creates the underlying database table .
Candidate: creates the underlying database table .

Sample 13003:
Reference: called when the inspector is being asked to create a new chartgenerator from scratch .
Candidate: creates a new instance of the <UNK> to use .

Sample 13004:
Reference: puts two bytes and one short into the constant pool .
Candidate: puts two bytes and one short into the constant pool .

Sample 13005:
Reference: returns the constant representing a tag with a given tid and default ifd .
Candidate: returns the constant representing a tag with a given tid and default ifd .

Sample 13006:
Reference: set update flag for all patterns
Candidate: set update flag for all patterns

Sample 13007:
Reference: compile a operation .
Candidate: compile a operation .

Sample 13008:
Reference: detach a cloned volume in a consistency group .
Candidate: detach the group mirrors from a source volume .

Sample 13009:
Reference: called by the build code path to create a copy of the extensions for building the message .
Candidate: called by the build code path to create a copy of the extensions for building the message .

Sample 13010:
Reference: add thumbnail to cache
Candidate: add thumbnail to cache

Sample 13011:
Reference: implements the http protocol handler s connect method establishing an ssl connection to the server as necessary .
Candidate: implements the http protocol handler s connect method establishing an ssl connection to the server as necessary .

Sample 13012:
Reference: permanently delete the content with the id .
Candidate: the the content content as a reason .

Sample 13013:
Reference: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .
Candidate: called when the internal state has been changed usually by the user pulling .

Sample 13014:
Reference: check if any supplier is selected .
Candidate: indicates whether any of the user is currently selected in the user .

Sample 13015:
Reference: overrideen to perform specific clean up when dialog closed .
Candidate: called when dialog closes dialog .

Sample 13016:
Reference: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .
Candidate: returns true if the photoview is set to allow zooming of photos .

Sample 13017:
Reference: given the ordinal of a doc id return its doc id in the original index .
Candidate: returns the old value for a new to that fell the the id .

Sample 13018:
Reference: adds the provided matching rule use definition to this schema builder .
Candidate: adds the provided matching rule definition for this schema builder definition for the schema .

Sample 13019:
Reference: interrupt the esptouch task when user tap back or close the application .
Candidate: interrupt the esptouch task when user tap back or close the application .

Sample 13020:
Reference: devuelve el enlace con el identificador especificado
Candidate: find the subject id a partir de su id

Sample 13021:
Reference: print a value to the standard output stream .
Candidate: print a value followed by a newline to the standard output stream .

Sample 13022:
Reference: creates a new filtered aggregation with the provided filter .
Candidate: returns a new filtered query with the specified with .

Sample 13023:
Reference: handles back to previous page request .
Candidate: handles back to previous page request .

Sample 13024:
Reference: indicates if this cursor points to the specified character in the specified character sequence .
Candidate: test if this cursor contains at the specified character in the specified character sequence .

Sample 13025:
Reference: toggle the slidingmenu .
Candidate: toggle the slidingmenu .

Sample 13026:
Reference: resets all the benchmark data on this object .
Candidate: resets the counter collected .

Sample 13027:
Reference: get the previous internal node .
Candidate: get the previous internal node .

Sample 13028:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 13029:
Reference: tear down instance variables required by this test case .
Candidate: tear down instance variables required by this test case .

Sample 13030:
Reference: processes the specified signalling string
Candidate: called when the user has been removed from the <UNK> .

Sample 13031:
Reference: if in case listening to a specific receiver need to be done here .
Candidate: stops the input method adapter not to listen to the events .

Sample 13032:
Reference: load the bitmap into this imageview starts the treatment
Candidate: load image from image into the imageview

Sample 13033:
Reference: shows the progress dialog .
Candidate: shows the progress dialog .

Sample 13034:
Reference: removes the processing instruction for the given target if it exists
Candidate: removes the given instruction and removes it from the target .

Sample 13035:
Reference: set a boolean value in the preferences editor to be written back with auto commit .
Candidate: set a boolean value in the preferences editor .

Sample 13036:
Reference: is not playing the game .
Candidate: you have not learned up the alliance .

Sample 13037:
Reference: write part of a multipart request to the request body
Candidate: write part of a multipart request to the request body

Sample 13038:
Reference: set the list of streams to write to .
Candidate: set the list of streams to write to .

Sample 13039:
Reference: this method is invoked after a process has finished .
Candidate: tears down the connection that is about to be sent .

Sample 13040:
Reference: sets the spread in pixels of the shadow i . e how much bigger is it than the actual circle rectangle
Candidate: sets the spread in pixels of the first page shadow i . e .

Sample 13041:
Reference: discards samples for the specified track up to the specified time .
Candidate: discards samples for the specified track up to the specified time .

Sample 13042:
Reference: return true if s is a valid u . s .
Candidate: return true if s is a valid u . s .

Sample 13043:
Reference: skips the next line if present .
Candidate: skips all line line of the input line .

Sample 13044:
Reference: updates the processing of cloudlets running under management of this scheduler .
Candidate: updates this processing of cloudlets running on this this scheduler .

Sample 13045:
Reference: shows validation error message for time sending strategy .
Candidate: shows the error message for this forgotpasswordwsbean .

Sample 13046:
Reference: ping the listener to notify job s healthy state and reset timeout .
Candidate: notify the registered environmentviews of a new process .

Sample 13047:
Reference: increment the numeric value at the given location by the designated amount .
Candidate: increment the numeric value at the given location by the designated amount .

Sample 13048:
Reference: condition to check after the loop is finished .
Candidate: tests if there is no loop while the specified movement

Sample 13049:
Reference: ensures that all inputs are valid .
Candidate: ensures that all inputs are valid .

Sample 13050:
Reference: scale the whole matrix with a constant factor d . this is used to add remove early exaggeration of tsne .
Candidate: scales this vector by the display value

Sample 13051:
Reference: randomly change the model a bit p estimates the necessary amount of shaking for each single dimensional distance in the set of matches
Candidate: computes the <UNK> to the specified collection of <UNK> .

Sample 13052:
Reference: you have cancelled using the item .
Candidate: you have entered an item to be sent .

Sample 13053:
Reference: this method validates the state of a service document for internal consistency .
Candidate: this method validates the state of a service document for internal consistency .

Sample 13054:
Reference: gets the value of the exclusive property .
Candidate: gets the value of the exclusive property .

Sample 13055:
Reference: notify and process the packet interceptor if the filter matches the packet .
Candidate: process and process the packet change the the filter to see if it exists .

Sample 13056:
Reference: a method to construct a usertexttype compliant with the schema for imf compositionplaylist documents
Candidate: a method to construct a usertexttype compliant with the schema for imf compositionplaylist documents

Sample 13057:
Reference: add an header line containing a field name a literal colon and a value .
Candidate: add an header line containing a field name a literal colon and a value .

Sample 13058:
Reference: assert that i is in range and not equal to the invalid value if any .
Candidate: check that i is in range invalid and invalid chars .

Sample 13059:
Reference: maps an int to a specific mode .
Candidate: maps an int to a specific mode .

Sample 13060:
Reference: implements the sigmoid function to provide the non linearity to this function .
Candidate: computes a normalized sigmoid

Sample 13061:
Reference: returns all the foos where uuid and companyid .
Candidate: returns all the foos where uuid and companyid .

Sample 13062:
Reference: check if install state store exists .
Candidate: returns whether the history store is a store to .

Sample 13063:
Reference: called when an item has been dismissed by a swipe .
Candidate: called when an item has been dismissed by a swipe .

Sample 13064:
Reference: runs this test from the command line .
Candidate: runs this test from the command line .

Sample 13065:
Reference: converts a base encoded string to a bytebuffer .
Candidate: parse a base string representation of the bytebuffer in a byte array .

Sample 13066:
Reference: returns whether the interval width is automatically calculated or not .
Candidate: returns whether the interval width is automatically calculated or not .

Sample 13067:
Reference: removes weak keys from the map that have been enqueued on the reference queue and are no longer in use .
Candidate: removes from the specified queue if any keys have been enqueued on the lru reference .

Sample 13068:
Reference: appends istore or wide istore lt n gt
Candidate: appends istore or wide istore lt n gt

Sample 13069:
Reference: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service .
Candidate: unbinds the activity from the custom tabs service .

Sample 13070:
Reference: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .
Candidate: decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array .

Sample 13071:
Reference: finishes the parsing process by setting all array values .
Candidate: called when the initialization of the <UNK> method is finished .

Sample 13072:
Reference: builds a string denoting an ascii encoded ion string with double quotes surrounding a single unicode code point .
Candidate: print the provided string point as a string in the java . util safe . point .

Sample 13073:
Reference: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in a static field .
Candidate: generates the instruction to store the top stack value in a static field .

Sample 13074:
Reference: ensures that a string passed as an argument to the calling method is not null or length .
Candidate: ensures that a string passed as an argument to the calling method is not null or length .

Sample 13075:
Reference: this method will be invoked if only you use android . location . locationmanager with gps or network providers to receive location
Candidate: required to implement .

Sample 13076:
Reference: return the oid associated with the passed in name .
Candidate: return the oid associated with the passed in name .

Sample 13077:
Reference: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
Candidate: sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .

Sample 13078:
Reference: send the given autocomplete results to the client
Candidate: sends the autocomplete logic to send a room for all the components in the cluster .

Sample 13079:
Reference: checks if is show a .
Candidate: indicates whether the <UNK> is to be shown in the <UNK> window .

Sample 13080:
Reference: returns the number of jobs that a slave is in charge of .
Candidate: returns the number of jobs used to this cluster .

Sample 13081:
Reference: issue a repaint request causing all displays associated with this visualization to be repainted .
Candidate: issue a repaint request causing all displays associated with this visualization to be repainted .

Sample 13082:
Reference: either save or update the given instance depending upon the value of its identifier property .
Candidate: saves or update the entry .

Sample 13083:
Reference: returns whether the calendar fields are fully in sync with the time value .
Candidate: returns whether the calendar fields are fully in sync with the time value .

BLEU:52.6006743795675
METEOR:34.15861399047473
ROUGE-L:63.26467677229284
